' Contract Between Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County and Don Stoughton and Associates, Inc. Introduction This Task Order contract, including all addenda referred to herein is entered into on this day of , 2001, by and between The Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County, a municipal corporation of the State of Tennessee ("Metro") and Don Stoughton and Associates, Inc. (“DSA”). This is a Task Order contract under which all work to be performed will be authorized in individual tasks orders issued in accordance with the terms and conditions of this basic contract. Task Orders may be performed on either a Fixed Price or Time & Materials basis. Whereas: Whereas, Metro, and the State of Tennessee are in need of correctional facility capacity and correctional services to meet the prisoner population demand of their respective jail and prison populations. Whereas, Metro and the State of Tennessee agree that additional correctional capacity is needed at the Old DeBerry site in Antioch. Whereas, Metro and the State of Tennessee further agree that it is in their best interest to address both the Metropolitan Government’s need for jail capacity and the State of Tennessee’s need for prison capacity as well as a source of funding for the cost of planning additional correctional capacity at the Old DeBerry site in Antioch. Whereas, Metro and the State of Tennessee further agree that the Metropolitan Government shall employ consulting services to prepare bid specifications, including physical design and programming, for the construction and operation of additional correctional capacity on the property deeded to the Metropolitan Government under the Contract with the State executed under the County Correctional incentives Act, T.C.A. §40-8-101 — 117 on January 12, 1989, together with amendments thereto. ARCHIVE
Whereas, Metro and the State of Tennessee further agree such consulting services shall include planning to meet capacity needs of the Metropolitan Government and the State of Tennessee Department of Correction and shall address issues relating to management and allocation of resources between the State of Tennessee and the Metropolitan Government. Whereas, the bid specifications shall include plans for an Enterprise Facility capable of providing shared services to all inmates housed at the site. Whereas, Metro and the State of Tennessee further agree the request for the selection of the consulting services contractor, and the final contract for consulting services shall be subject to the prior written approval of the State of Tennessee. Whereas, DSA, having represented to Metro and the State that it has the required professional skills, personnel, and technical resources, has agreed to provide the Services on the terms and conditions set forth in this Contract. Whereas, Metro desires to engage DSA to render certain technical and consulting services. Now therefore, the parties hereby agree to the following: Effective Date of Contract This contract is in effect as of / 00 / ( Month, Day, Year ) This contract shall not be binding upon the parties until it has been signed first by the authorized representatives of DSA and then by the authorized representatives of the Metropolitan Government and has been filed in the office of the Metropolitan Clerk. When it has been so signed and filed, this contract shall be effective as of the date first written above. Term of Agreement The term of this contract will begin on the date this contract is signed by all required parties and filed in the office of the Metropolitan Clerk. The initial contract term will end on This Agreement may be terminated by Metro by giving written notice to DSA at least 30 days before the effective date of termination. In that event, DSA shall be entitled to receive compensation in full for all outstanding obligations for work completed and work in progress as of the termination date. ARCHIVE
Value The total value of this contract is $2,500,000.00. Metro shall have no obligation under any circumstances to pay DSA any money in excess of this value unless agreed to in writing by Metro. DSA will notify Metro when total obligations and/or expenditures equals 85% of the total value of this contract. Statement of Work DSA agrees to provide, and Metro agrees to purchase, services and products as may be mutually agreed to and set forth in Task Orders issued in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Contract. DSA shall perform the work described in Attachment “A” as enumerated and set forth in the various Task Orders. Reporting DSA shall provide regular reports, not less than monthly. The format and timing of such reports shall be established by the Task Orders. Modifications to Contract This Contract and the Task Orders issued hereunder may be modified only by written amendment executed by all parties. All change orders, where required, shall be executed in conformance with section 4.24.020 of the Metropolitan Code of Laws. Task Orders All Task Orders issued under this contract shall be in a written form and will be on either a Time and Material (“T&M”) or Fixed Price (“FP”) basis as agreed to by the parties and noted on the Task Order form. Each Task Order is subject to mutual acceptance by the parties, and shall consist of a fully executed Task Order form with all identified attachments. Upon execution, a Task Order shall be a part of this Contract. ARCHIVE
10. The Terms & Conditions of this Contract apply to all Task Orders issued under it. Should a conflict exist between the term and condition of this Contract and a Task Order, this Contract shall prevail. The added cost of a Task Order may not cause the total Value of the Contract to be exceeded. All work scheduled to be performed under a Task Order must be within the term of the Contract. Task Orders may contain restrictions so long as they do not conflict with the terms and conditions of this basic Contract. In the event of a conflict, the terms and conditions of the basic Contract apply. Unless mutually agreed to otherwise in writing, Metro shall not be obligated to pay for services or products, and DSA shall not be obligated to provide services or products until such time that a fully executed applicable Task Order has been executed. Task Order Content Task Orders shall conform to the template provided in Attachment “B’, Time & Materials Task Order. All sections must be completed. If a section is not applicable, a statement to that effect must be entered. Each Task Order will include, but not be limited to, the following: a) Description of the services, products, and other deliverables to be provided by DSA b) List of products and deliverables and associated acceptance criteria c) Points of Contact are the principal interface for Metro, the State, and DSA regarding technical matters and who shall have the authority to clarify, explain, and provide further details regarding Metro’s and the State’s expectation of the work. d) Total Estimated Cost which shall include a time phased staffing detail by labor category and shall separately detail estimated reimbursable expenses. e) Work Schedule f) Reporting Requirements ARCHIVE
11. 12. 13. 14. g) Special Terms and conditions, which may supplement, but may not conflict, with the basic terms of the Contract. Task Order Implementation Sequence The steps to implement a Task Order are: a) Metro or DSA will identify a need for products or services, b) Metro or DSA develops solution in terms of a definitive work plan, c) DSA submits a proposed Task Order using the Time and Materials or Fixed Price template. (Attachment ) d) Task Order is negotiated and approved by both parties. Staffing DSA shall be compensated for Time & Materials Task Orders based on the unit rates in a total amount not to exceed the Task Order value established in an approved Task Order. DSA shall be compensated based upon the Unit Rates contained in Attachment “C”, Staffing and Rates. Staffing Conformance All DSA staff performing on Time & Materials Task Orders not listed in Attachment “C” must be approved by Metro for use on the contract and be associated with a specific position category. Labor Category Administration Additional labor categories may be proposed by DSA as deemed necessary. The proposed request for change will include rationale, qualification descriptions for the new category and proposed rate. ARCHIVE
15. Compensation/Payment 15.1. Time & Materials Task Orders DSA will be paid for professional services at the rates specified in Attachment “C”, Staffing and Rates for all hours worked and reimbursed for actual travel and living expenses. Any travel must be approved in advance by Metro and reimbursement shall be in accordance with the then current Comprehensive Travel Regulations of The Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County. Metro shall provide a copy of the current pertinent portions of these regulations to DSA upon request. Payments by Metro shall be made within thirty (30) days of receipt of invoice or as established in each fully executed Task Order. 15.2. Fixed Price Task Orders DSA shall be paid on a Fixed Price basis in the amount(s) and in accordance with the Price and Payment Schedule established in each fully executed Task Order. All payments by Metro shall be made within thirty (30) days of receipt of invoice or as established in each fully executed Task Order 16. Invoices Each Task Order shall be individually invoiced. 16.1. Time & Materials Task Orders Invoices may be submitted monthly and be in DSA format, but must be acceptable to Metro and include the following at a minimum: An invoice summary including: e Contract Number Invoice number Time period covered by the invoice Description of services provided Amount billed for the services indicating computation at the hourly rate for hours worked by labor category e Amount billed for travel and living expenses ARCHIVE
Invoice total billed A supporting labor detail e Labor hours included in this invoice broken out by person and by day worked, subtotaled by labor category and grand totaled by day, person and labor category. A supporting travel and living expenses detail e Travel and living expenses, if any, broken out by person, travel dates, purpose and supported by receipts as required by current Comprehensive Travel Regulations of The Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County. A Task Order summary that includes: e Hours and cost up to the billing period e Hours and cost invoiced for the billing period e Total hours and costs through the billing period Dollars and estimated hours remaining of the Task Order value. 16.2. Fixed Price Task Orders Invoices may be in DSA format, but must be acceptable to Metro and include at a minimum: An invoice summary including: ¢ Contract Number e Invoice number e Deliverable Description e Amount billed for the service A Task Order summary that details: e the amount billed up to the invoice e the amount of the invoice e total amount billed for the Task Order amount remaining of the total Task Order Value 16.3. Submittal and Processing All invoices should be sent to the Metro Task Manager identified on the Task Order with a copy to the recipient for Metro notices listed in section 32, Notices. The Metro Task Manager will conduct the initial review of the invoice for compliance with the authorized task requirements and limits, indicate his/her approval, and then forward the invoice to the Metro Department of Finance, Division of Accounts for final approvals and processing. The remittance address for payments is: ARCHIVE
17. 18. 19. CHECKS: Stoughton and Associates, Inc. 8599 No. 2 Road East Manlius NY 13104 EFT: Don Stoughton and Associates, Inc. Address: The Chase Manhattan Bank Manlius New York 13104 ACH Transit Number:_022300173 Account Number: 6006955675 Risk of Loss All risk of loss or damage to deliverables and products will pass to Metro upon delivery to Metro. Taxes Any taxes are assumed to be included in the rates and prices set forth in Section 5., Value. Metro shall not be responsible for any taxes that are imposed on DSA. Furthermore, DSA understands that it cannot claim exemption from taxes solely by virtue of any exemption that is provided to Metro. This section shall not be construed to prohibit DSA from claiming and receiving any exemption from federal, state, or local taxes to which it may be entitled by law. Metro shall provide proof of exemption to DSA upon request. Maintenance of Records DSA shall maintain documentation for all charges against Metro. The books, records, and documents of DSA, insofar as they relate to work performed or money received under this Contract, shall be maintained for a period of three (3) full years from the date of final payment and will be subject to audit, at any reasonable time and upon reasonable notice by Metro or its duly appointed representatives. The records shall be maintained in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. ARCHIVE
20. 21. 22. 23. Metro Property Any Metro property, including but not limited to books, records and equipment, that is in DSA’s possession shall be maintained by DSA in good condition and repair, except for reasonable wear, and shall be returned to Metro by DSA upon termination of the contract or the Task Order under which they were provided to DSA. Insurance During the term of this Contract, DSA shall maintain comprehensive general liability insurance with limits of not less than one million dollars, as well as automotive and workman’s compensation insurance policies. A certificate of insurance, in a form satisfactory to Metro, evidencing said coverage shall be provided to Metro prior to commencement of performance of this Contract. Throughout the term of this contract, DSA shall provide an updated certificate of insurance upon expiration of the current certificate. Relationship of Parties Nothing herein or in any Task Order shall in any way be construed or intended to create a partnership or joint venture between the parties or to create the relationship of principal and agent between or among any of the parties. None of the parties hereto shall hold itself out in a manner contrary to the terms of this paragraph. No party shall become liable for any representation, act, or omission of any other party contrary to the terms of this paragraph. DSA is acting as an independent contractor and not as a representative of Metro. DSA has no authority to transact business in the name of or on account of Metro or otherwise obligate Metro in any way. Data Rights For the purpose of this agreement, “document” shall mean every medium in which data or information can be recorded or transferred, including, without limitation, plans, specifications, drawings, reports, memoranda, surveys and the like. All documents which are prepared by DSA or any sub-contractor in connection with the work required under this Agreement shall, upon completion, become the property of Metro and shall be delivered to the Metropolitan Office of Capital Projects, provided that Metro has paid all invoices herein. No entity other than Metro shall have the right to use any such document for any purpose not expressly contemplated in this Agreement without the written consent of the Metropolitan Director of Finance, which shall not be unreasonably withheld. ARCHIVE
25. 26. 24. Non-Disclosure DSA understands that Metro’s Juvenile Court records, some adult court records, and other justice records, are confidential under Tennessee law, regardless of whether they are maintained as "hard copy" or in electronic format. Therefore, DSA’s personnel may be allowed access to such confidential information only as needed for their duties under this Contract. DSA will inform its employees who have access to such confidential information of their obligations of confidentiality. DSA’s employees shall sign a non-disclosure statement for Metro prepared by Metro prior to being provided access to any confidential records. DSA understands that it may be liable for release of any such confidential information. Indemnification and Hold Harmless DSA shall indemnify and hold harmless Metro, its officers, agents and employees from: e Anyclaims, damages, and costs for personal injuries or damages to tangible property arising in part or in whole, from the negligent or intentional acts or omissions of DSA, its officers, employees and/or agents, including its sub or independent contractors, in connection with the performance of the Contract, and, e damages, penalties, and costs arising from any failure of DSA, its officers, employees and/or agents, including its sub or indepen- dent contractors, to observe applicable laws, including, but not limited to, labor laws and minimum wage laws. Metro will not indemnify, defend, or hold harmless in any fashion DSA from any claims arising from any failure, regardless of any language in any attachment or other document that the DSA may provide. The indemnities provided under this provision are dependent on Metro: (a) giving DSA prompt written notice of such claim, (b) permitting DSA to defend or settle the claim, (c) not at any time admitting liability in respect of the whole or any part of the claim or agreeing to settle or dispose of the claim, and (d) providing all reasonable assistance to DSA in defending or settling the claim. Warranties 10 ARCHIVE
26.1.DSA DSA makes the following warranties to Metro: e That it shall not knowingly infringe any trade secrets, copyrights or patents of a third party, e That it shall not divulge or furnish to Metro any trade secret or other proprietary information of any third party which it does not have the right to divulge or furnish, e That this Agreement does not conflict with any other agreement or obligation it has with a third party, and, e That it will perform its duties and responsibilities as stated in this Contract including the Task Orders in a reasonably careful, skillful, and workmanlike manner. 26.2. Metro 27. 28. Metro makes the following warranties to DSA: e That it has the authority to enter into this agreement, and, e That this Agreement does not conflict with any other agreement or obligation it has with a third party. Contingent Fees DSA hereby represents that DSA has not been retained or retained any persons to solicit or secure a Metropolitan Government contract upon an agreement or understanding for a contingent commission, percentage, or brokerage fee, except for retention of bona fide employees or bona fide established commercial selling agencies for the purpose of securing business. Breach of the provisions of this paragraph is, in addition to a breach of this contract, a breach of ethical standards which may result in civil or criminal sanction and/or debarment or suspension from being a DSA or sub-contractor under Metropolitan Government contracts. Gratuities and Kickbacks It shall be a breach of ethical standards for any person to offer, give or agree to give any employee or former employee, or for any employee or Metro employee to solicit, demand, accept or agree to accept from another person, a gratuity or an offer of employment in connection with any decision, approval, disapproval, recommendation, preparation of any part of a program requirement ora 11 ARCHIVE
29. 30. 31. 31.1. purchase request, influencing the content of any specification or procurement standard, rendering of advice, investigation, auditing or in any other advisory capacity in any proceeding or application, request for ruling, determination, claim or controversy or other particular matter, pertaining to any program requirement of a contract or subcontract or to any solicitation or proposal therefore. It shall be a breach of ethical standards for any payment, gratuity or offer of employment to be made by or on behalf of a sub-contractor under a contract to the prime DSA or higher tier sub-contractor or a person associated therewith, as an inducement for the award of a subcontract or order. Breach of the provisions of this paragraph is, in addition to a breach of this contract, a breach of ethical standards that may result in civil or criminal sanction and/or debarment or suspension from being a DSA or sub-contractor under Metropolitan Government contracts. Employment DSA shail not subscribe to any personnel policy which permits or allows for the promotion, demotion, employment, dismissal or laying off of any individual due to race, creed, color, national origin, age, sex, or which is in violation of applicable laws concerning the employment of individuals with disabilities. Non-Discrimination It is the policy of the Metropolitan Government not to discriminate on the basis of age, race, sex, color, national origin, or disability in its hiring and employment practices, or in admission to, access to, or operation of its programs, services, and activities. With regard to all aspects of this Contract, DSA certifies and warrants it will comply with this policy. Administration For Metro Technical Matters: The persons identified as the Metro Responsible Person in a Task Order, (or such persons as he/she shall designate) shall be the principal interface with DSA for that Task Order on technical matters and shall have the authority to clarify, explain and provide further details regarding expectation of the work. Contractual Matters: David Manning, Director, Metro Finance Department , is the authorized representative regarding all other matters pertaining to this Agreement, including modifications. 12 ARCHIVE
31.2. 31.3. 32. 33. For DSA Technical Matters: The persons identified as the DSA Responsible Person in a Task Order shall be the principal interface with Metro on technical matters and shall have the authority to clarify, explain and provide further details regarding the Client’s expectation of the work. Contractual Matters: Don Stoughton, President, DSA, Inc. , is the authorized representative regarding all other matters pertaining to this Agreement, including modifications. Notification Metro shall notify DSA within five (5) days of any change in Metro’s representatives for Technical Matters or Contract Matters as described herein. Notices All notices to Metro shall be mailed or hand delivered to: Dep't: Purchasing Agent Att’n: Steve Gordon Adar: 222 Third Avenue North, Suite 601 Nashville, TN 37201, and with a copy to: Dep't: Metro Capital Projects Att’n: Kenneth Maynard Adar: 222 Third Avenue North Nashville, TN 37201 Notices to DSA shall be mailed or hand delivered to: DSA: Don Stoughton and Associates Attn: Don Stoughton Addr: 8599 No. 2 Road East Manlius NY 13104 Assignment - Consent Required The provisions of this Contract shall inure to the benefit of and shall be binding upon the respective successors and assignees of the parties hereto. Except for the rights of money due to DSA under this contract, neither this Contract nor any 13 ARCHIVE
34. 34.1. of the rights and obligations hereunder shall be assigned or transferred in whole or in part without the prior written Consent of the other party. Any such assignment or transfer shall not release DSA from its obligations hereunder. Notice of assignment of any rights to money due to DSA under this contract must be sent to the attention of Metro’s Chief Accountant, Division Of Accounts, Department Of Finance, 222 Third Avenue North, Suite 750, Nashville, Tennessee 37201. Termination/Cancellation Termination — Breach Should either party fail to fulfill in a timely and proper manner its obligations under a Task Order issued under this Contract, or if it should violate any of the material terms of this Contract, and fail to correct such breach within thirty (30) days of receipt of written notice of such breach from the aggrieved party, then the aggrieved party shall have the right to immediately terminate the applicable Task Order or this Contract respectively. Such termination shall not relieve the party in breach of any liability to the other party for damages sustained by virtue of any breach. 34.2. Termination - Funding Should funding for this Contract or for any Task Order issued under this Contract be discontinued, Metro shall have the right to terminate this Contract or the specific Task Order immediately upon written notice to DSA. In the event Metro terminates this Contract or a Task Order under this provision, Metro shall remain liable to DSA for any accumulated payments due prior to the effective date of termination, and or accumulated costs incurred in performance of the work terminated, including costs of settlement of work terminated. 34.3. Termination - Convenience Either party may terminate this Contract at any time upon thirty (30) days written notice to the other party. In the event of such termination prior to the completion of any remaining Task Order issued hereunder, the terms and conditions of this Contract, as applicable to the performance of such Task Orders, shall remain in effect until all of the parties’ responsibilities and obligations under such Task Orders have been completed. Metro may terminate any Task Order issued hereunder at any time upon thirty (30) days written notice to DSA. In the event of such termination, Metro shall 14 ARCHIVE
remain liable to DSA for any accumulated payments due prior to the effective date of the written notice of termination of the applicable Task Order, and or accumulated costs incurred in performance of the work terminated, including costs of settlement of work terminated. 34.4. Additional Rights and Remedies 35. 36. 37. 38. 39. In the event of cancellation of this agreement, Metro and DSA shall retain the rights and remedies available at law or equity to the extent that they are not inconsistent with this agreement. Severability Should any provision of this Contract be declared to be invalid by any court of competent jurisdiction, such provision shall be severed and shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of this Contract. Governing Law The validity, construction and effect of this Contract and any and all extensions and/or modifications thereof shall be governed by the laws of the State of Tennessee. Tennessee law shall govern regardless of any language in any attachment or other document that DSA may provide. Compliance with Laws DSA agrees to comply with any applicable federal, state and local laws and regulations. This provision shall not be construed as requiring changes to any Task Order unless a change is agreed to by the parties hereto. Waiver No waiver of any provision of this Contract shall affect the right of any party thereafter to enforce such provision or to exercise any right or remedy available to it in the event of any other default. Entire Contract This Contract, and the Task Orders issued hereunder, sets forth the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and shall govern the respective duties and obligations of the parties. 15 ARCHIVE
40. 41. Force Majeure No party shall have any liability to the other hereunder by reason of any delay or failure to perform any obligation or covenant if the delay or failure to perform is occasioned by force majeure, meaning any act of God, storm, fire, casualty, unanticipated work stoppage, strike, lockout, labor dispute, civil disturbance, riot, war, national emergency, act of Government, act of public enemy, or other cause of similar or dissimilar nature beyond its control. Order of Precedence In the event of conflicting provisions, all documents shall be construed according to the following priorities: e Amendments to this Task Order Contract e This Task Order Contract The Task Orders that are subordinate to this Contract 16 ARCHIVE
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Contract to be executed, in duplicate, by their duly authorized officers. DSA, Inc. By: Title: T= THE METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT OF NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON COUNTY: Purchasing Agent: Hans RECOMMENDED: Capital Projects Department Head =. © OF FUNDS: Director of Finance APPROVED AS TO aa \ Difector of Insurance APPROVED RM AND LEGALITY: Aw Metropolitan Attorney ” FILED IN THE OFFICE OF THE METROPOLITAN CLERK: Date: © a7 17 ARCHIVE
| FAX Date April 28, 2001 of pages including cover sheet__3 TO; David Manning - FROM: Michael A. Fitts, FAIA Finance Director State Architect Suite 2100, R. Snodgrass Tennessee . Tower none 151 312 Eighth Avenue North one Nashville, TN: 37243 Co: Phone 741-2988 Fax Phone (618) 741-6189 Mfitts@mall.state.tn.us Web site REMARKS: [] Urgent Foryourreview Reply ASAP Please Comment David: The Subcommittee acted on authority from the full Commission to approve the contract between Metro and Stoughton Associates, Inc. at its meeting on April 23. Attached is a-DRAFT of the minutes to be formally approved at their next meeting on May 21. This is for your Information. Mike. Toor 9z 7 WA RCHIVE
Minutes of Meeting of State Bullding Commission Executive April 23, 2001 Page 13 of DEPARTMENT EINANCE AND ADMINISTRATION DEBERRY CORRECTIONAL CENTER, NASHVILLE, TENNESSEE 1) Mr. Fitts presented a request for approval of the contract and related documents between Metropolitan Nashvilie-Davidson County and Don Stoughton Associates, Inc. for consultant services related to the development of the old DeBerry correctional site. He stated that Metro Nashville-Davidson County Government has executed a contract for consulting services with Don Stoughton & Associates to prepare bid documents, design and programming services for the construction and operation of additional correction capacity at the old DeBerry correctlonal site that will meet the capacity needs of both the State and Metro. The Agreed Order of Settlement between the State and Metro provided that Metro would dadicate $2,585,471.35 of the settlement amount to employ such consultants and the order envisions that the State approve the contract and no funds pald without approval of the Commissioner of Corractions or his designea, Secretary of State Darnell asked if Metro doesn't spend ail of the money, does It revert to the State, and asked what were they buying. Comptroller Morgan responded that the contract would provide a master design and development for the DeBerry site. He sald that Metro may want to get out of the business of housing State prisoners In the long run for the State..He sald Metro Is anticipating that the State would plan an adaptive reuse Involving construction of a new prison site large enough to house some of Metro's prisoners, and participate in common areas Including an enterprise zone, He added that this contract Is for the design of that whole concept including the design of facilities for retrofitting and expanding the site for Metro. He sald there are specific tasks that the State will opt to pursue, each with a price, and that expenditures will have to be approved by the State. Treasurer Adame asked about design fees. He sald that he assumed that there was some comparison to State fees. He sald he assumed approval of this contract has nothing to do with the policy of this concept being a good plan. Comptroller. Morgan sald the ‘State will not buy Into anything at this time. He added that * they know that they need to expand State beds in Davidson County and it was not going to happen at Cockrill Bend. He said the State has an interest in beds In Davidson County and Metro wants to get out of the business and this seemed like a vehicle to achieve those objectives. He sald all of this will require legislative approval, SBC approval, Metro council, ete. prior to becoming a reality. Mr. Fitts stated that this contract will establish a master plan for the DeBerry Correctional Center with the objective of meeting both Metro and State goals. Treasurer Adams said he wanted to make sure that what he was voting on today did nat lock the State into anything apecific. Sacretary of State Darnell commented that if the State is the main beneficiary, they should have input. ZO'd = 9 dy RCHIVE
Minutes of Meeting of State Bullding Commission Executive Subcommittee April 23, 2001 Page 14 of DeBerry Correctional - continued: Claire Drowota was recognized and she stated that there are many competing options out there and ail have to be evaluated. She said the Legislative Oversight Committee leadership was aware of this contract, but it had not formally been before the Committes. _ of State Damell stated that as as State folks are Involved in the process he would be satisfied. Larry Kirk stated that contract documents call for Mike Fitts to be the ‘paint person for the State. After discussion, the Subcommittes approved the contract and related documents between Metropolitan Nashville-Davidson County and Don Stoughton Associates, Inc.for consulting services relating to the development of the DeBerry Correctional Center. SBC Project 92 7 “ARCHIVE
