
tHE CONCEPTION OF BIMHEiT Nllffilliu 

(Along with Sanskrta Text of Madhayaniata-Karlka) 


b r 

TH. STCHERBATSKY PH. D. 

Professor in the University of Leningrad, Member of the 
Academy of Sciences of the USSR. 


Comprehensive Analysis & introduction 


b 

JAIDEVA SINGH 
Formerly Principal, T. D. College 
Lakhlmpur-Kheri 


BHARATIYA VIDYA PRAKASHAN 

VARANASl-1. 

(INDIA) 



Publisher: 

Bharatiya VIdya Prakashan 
P Box (08, Kachaur! Gall 
VARANASI. J (India) 


( Revised & Enlarged edition ) 


Price : 30-00 


Printer. 

B. H. U. Press 
Yaranasi-5, 



v,. , . PREFACE , i, , 

•h (4 turn ’wed£ "tfi'.UJ 

:' Tb. Stcherbatsky had rare insight intoi the Indian [Philo- 
■' sophy in general, end Buddhistic Philosophy in 'particular. 
:f &is;Cqncep^on of Bnddhist Nirvajja’ has been out of print for 
'more than four decades. • , , 

Shri Kishore Chand Jain, the enterprising proprietor of 
. Bharatiya Vidya I*rakashan, decided to reprint it, The editing 
hook was entrusted to me. The language of theibook 
'"-was,"at some places, found to be faulty. I, have, corrected 
those grammatical and idiomatic mistakes which appeared to 
\ beaming. If was not thought proper to take too much liberty 
> with the original book. Some expressions, which are not very 
.satisfactory, but do not mar the sense, have been allowed to 
’ -stand as they are. 

I have added 'An Analysis of Contents' by reading which 
, the reader may get a gist of the entire book. The original of 
the Madhyamaka Kankfis and Chandrakirti's commentary 
' which have been translated by Stcherbatsky has been appen- 
; dtd at the end of the book to enhance the utility of the book, 
; so that the reader may be able to profit by a comparative 


study of the translation and the original Samskrta. 

I have provided a somewhat long Introduction to the book 
. so that the average reader may get a general idea of the mam 
. features of Madhyamaka Philosophy. Shri Kedar Nath Misra 
, . lecturer In Indian Philosophy and Comparative Religion in 
Banatas Hiadn University obtained for ns a copy of Stcher* 
^'1»tsky , 8 book througn the conrtesy of Dr. N.K. Devaraja, 


; Head of the Philosophy Department of Bauaras Hindu 
University, I am thankful to both of them for this generous 
H ;Wp. 

H ,v ^y,tipjks are also due so Shri Panna Lai Dhawan, B. A, 
", ir^^ti^WMdertook the arduous task of preparing the index 




( 2 ) 

and to Shri Ahibhushan Bhattacharya M.A. who helped me 
m the proof-cerrcction of a part of the book, 

It is hoped that the book together with the Introduction 
and the Samskrt original will prove to be a handy guide to the 
Madhyamaka Philosophy, 

In spite of the best care, a few misprints have crept mjor 
which we crave the indulgence of the readers A list of the 
main misprints together with their corrections has been given 
at the end of the book. 

In the Introduction M. K. stands for Madhamaka Korikas 
andP.P. for PrasannapadS commentary on Madhyamaka 
Kankas by Candraldrti. 


Jaideva Singh 



CONTENTS 

Analysis 


Introduction 

Preface 

I Bfeliminary 1 

II Buddhism & Yoga 2 

III Mystic Intuition 25 

IV Buddha's Belief in Personal Immortality 32 

V Was Buddha An Agnostic ? 34 

VI The Position Of The Later School Of Hlnaysna 37 
VII The Double Character Of The Absolute 42 

VIII The Vaibhjsikas 44 

IX The Sautr&ntikas 47 

X The Yog&caras 50 

XI The Msdhyamikas 58 

XII The Doctrine Of Causality In HlnaySna 64 

XIII The Doctrine Modified In Mahay&na 66 

XIV The Doctnne Of Relativity 69 

XV The Real Eternal Buddha Cognised In Mystic 

Intuition 72 

XVI The New Conception Of Nuv&na 75 

XVII Is Relativity itself Relative ? 

Condemnation Of All Logic For The Cognition 
Of The Absolute 80 

XVIII Parallel Development In Buddhism and 

Brahmanism 83 

XIX European Parallels 84 

XX The Position OfNyaya-Vaigesika 89 

XXI Conclusion 99 

Appendix 

i treatise on Relativity 

Madhyamaka Sfijtra by NSgSijuna 
’ Chapter I Sc XXV 
Prefatory 


103 



Dedication 

110 

Chapter First 

Ill 

Examination of Causality 


Chapter XXV 


Examination Of Nirvana 

114 

Appendix 



The Clearworded 

( Prasnnapada ) 

A Comment upon NagSijuna's 
Treatise On Relativity by Candraklrti 


Dedication 119 

Chapter I 

Examination of Causality 

I Preliminary 121 

II The Meaning Of The Pratxtya Samutpada 

According To The Author 124 

III The Meaning Of This Term mHlnayana 125 

IV The Hlnayanist Interpretation Rejected 126 

V The Opinion of Bhaviveka 127 

VI Bhavatvxeka's Criticism Of Buddhap&lita's 

Comment 129 

VII Defintion Of The Term By Bhavaviveka 130 

VIII The Principle Of Relativity. The Law Of All 

Pluralistic Existence 131 

IX Causality Denied 135 

X Identity Of Cause And Effect Denied 137 

XI Bhavaviveka Assails The Comment Of 

Buddhapahta 138 

XII The First Objection Of Bhavaviveka Answered 139 

XIII The Second Point Of Bhavaviveka Viz That 
The Answer Of The Samkhya is left unnoticed 

by Buddha. 141 

XIV The Madhyamika Method Explained 144 

XV Buddhapahta's Comment Vindicated From 

The Standpoint Of Logic 146 

XVI The Answer Of The Samkhya Virtually 

x Vindicated By Buddhapahta 149 



k«a 

111 


XVII Some Minor Points Explained 150 

XVIII The Third Stricture OF Bhavaviveka Answered. 

The Denial Of One View Does Not Imply The 
Acceptance Of The Other 152 

XIX Examination Of Bh&vaviveka’s Formal 

Argument Against The Samkhya 156 

XX Bh&vaviveka’s -Argument Assailed From The 
t. Standpoint of Formal Logic 159 

XXI Another Attempt of Bhavaviveka To Vindicate 

His Argument 162 

XXII Bhavaviveka Also Avails Himself Of The 
Argument That For The Monist All 
Individual Existence is Unreal. 167 

XXIII Another Formal Error In The Syllogism Of 

Bhavaviveka 174 

- XXIV The Madhyamika Repudiates His Opponent 
On Principles Admitted As Valid By The Same 
Opponent 175 

XXV Logical Refutation On The Basis Of Facts 

Admitted By only One Party 177 

XXVI Denial of Causality Through A Separate 

Substance 178 

XXVII Combined Causality Denied 181 

XXVIII No Pluralistic Universe Without Causation 181 

XXIX Causality Through The Will of God 182 

XXX Mahaygna & Hlnaygns Contrasted 183 

XXXI The Direct and Indirect Meaning of 

Buddha’s Words 188 

XXXII How Is The Moral Law to be Vindicated In 

An Unreal World 190 

XXXIII The Twelve-Membered Causal Series Refers 

To The Phenomenal World \ 200 

XXXIV Controversy About The Validity Of Logic 203 

XXXV Controversy With The Buddhist Logician 

Continued 211 

XXXVI Critique Of The Notion of an Absolute 
Particular Point-Instant 


215 



jv 

XXXVII Introspection 219 

XXXVIII The Discussion About The Point-instant 

resumed 222 

XXXIX Is There A Cogniscr ? 224 

XL Vindication OF Phenomenal Reality 227 

XLI The Definition Of Scnsc-Pcreeption 240 

XL1I The HlnaySnn Theory Of Causation 

Explained 254 

XIII The Existence of Sepnrain Energies 

Denied 258 

XLIV Causation Is Not Co-ordination 262 

XLV The Cause-Condition 265 

XLVI The Object, of A Condition of Mental 

Phenomena 267 

XLVII The Cause Mnteriahs Denied 269 

XLVIII The Special Cause also Denied 272 

Chapter XXV 
Examination of Nirvana 

T The Hlnavlnislic Nirvftna Rejected 282 

II Tiie Mnhfiyftmslic Nirvana What 5 287 

III Nirvana not An Ens 294 

IV Nirv&Qa is not A Non-Ens 298 

V Nirv&Va In This World Viewed sub-spent 

aeicmtatis 302 

VI Nirvana Is Not Both Ens And Non*Ens 

Togethei S07 

VII Nor NirvSna A Negation Of Both Ens And 

Non-Ens Together 310 

VIII The Real Buddha What ? 315 

IX Ultimate Identity of the Phenomenal And 

The Absolute 317 

X The Antinomies 318 

IX Conclusion 323 



INTRODUCTION 


Mah wan a and Hinayana 

■ i 

There are two aspects of Mahiyana Philosophy, viz. the 
Madhyamaka Philosophy or Sunyavada and Yogacara or 
Vijnanavada. Here wo are concerned only with Madhyamaka 
Philosophy or Sunyavada. 

Generally there are three names current for Hinayana and 
Mahayana. The three names for the former are Southern 
Buddhism, Original Buddhism, and Hinayana, and those for 
the latter Northern Buddhism, Developed Buddhism and 
Maliajana The first two names are given by European scho¬ 
lars. Southern and Northern Buddhism are names used on 
Geographical basis. European scholars called Buddhism pre¬ 
valent m countries to the north of India, viz,, Nepal, Tibet, 
China, Japan etc.. Northern Buddhism and tint prevalent 
in conntues to the South of India, viz., Ceylon, Burma, Siam 
etc. Southern Buddhism This division is not quite correct, 
for, according to Dr. J. Takakusu, the Buddhism prevalent m 
Java and Sumatra which he in a southern direction from India 
is similar to that prevalent in the North 

The division 'original and developed Buddhism’ is based on 
the belief that Mahayana was only a gradual development of 
the original doctrine which was Hinayana, but this is not 
acceptable to Mahayanists. Japanese scholats maintain that 
the great Buddha imparted his teachings to his pupils accor- 
ding to tlieir receptive capacities. To some he imparted his 
exoteric teachings (vyakta-itpade$a) containing his 'phenomeno¬ 
logical perception', to more advanced pupils he imparted his 
subtle esoteric teachings (gitkya-upadefa) containing his ‘onto¬ 
logical perception’. The Buddha generally gave an outline of 
both the teachings, and both were, developed by the great 
acatyas. It is, therefore, a misnomer to call one ‘original 
Buddhism’, and another 'developed Buddhism/ Both the 



( 2 ) 


teachings were delivered simultaneously The exoteric tea¬ 
chings may be called well-known Buddhism and the esoteric 
less known, the latter being subtler thin the former. 

We have, however, to find out how the term; Hinayana 
and Mahayana came into vogue. According to R, Ivimura, the 
MahSsanglukas had retained the esoteric teachings of the 
Buddha and were more liberal and advanced than the Stha- 
viras. In the Vaisali Council, the Mahusaiighikas or the Vajjian 
monks were excommunicated by the Sthaviras for expressing 
opinions different from those of the orthodox school, and were 
denounced as 'Papa Bhikkhus’ and 'Adhammavadins' The 
Mahiisanghikas, in order to show the superiority of their 
doctrines over those of the Sthaviras, coined the term Mahayana 
(the higher vehicle) for their own school, and Hinayana (th e 
lower vehicle) for the school of their opponents. Thus the 
terms Mahayana and Hinayana came into vogue. It goes with¬ 
out saying that these terms were used only by the Mahayanists 
Three phases m Buddhism 

Three phases can be easily marked in Buddhist philosophy 
and religion. 

2, The Abhtdharmic phase from the Buddha's death to 1st 
Century A. D. 

This was the realistic and pluralistic phase of Buddhism. 
The method of this school was one of analysis The philosophy 
of this period consisted mostly of analysis of psycho-physical 
phenomena into dharmas (elements) samskrta (compounded or 
conditioned) and asawskrta (uncompounded or unconditioned). 
The maul interest m this penod was psychological-soteriolo- 
gical The dominant tone of this school was one of rationalism 
combined with meditation practices. The language used in 
this penod was Pali, and the school is known as Hinayana. 
g. Development of Esoteric Teachings 

The second phase consisted of the development of the eso¬ 
teric teachings of the Buddha which were current among the 






( 3 ) 

Mahasanglukas, simultaneously with the Abhidharrmc phase. 
The mam interest m this period was ontological-soteriologicaL 
The dommant tone of this school was one of supra-rationalism 
combined with yoga. The main attempt was to find out the 
Svabhava or true nature of Reality and to realize it in oneself 
by developing Prajna. The language used was Samskrta or 
mixed Samskrta. This school was known as Mahayana. The 
ealier phase u as known as Madhyamaka philosophy or Sunya- 
vada, the later as Yogacara or Viifianavada 1 . This phase lasted 
from 2nd century A. D. to 500 A. D. 

3. Development of Tantra 

The third phase was that of Tantra. This lasted from 500 
A. D. to 1000 A. D. The mam interest of the period was cos- 
mical-soteriolognal. The dominant ieature of this school was 
occultism. The main emphasis was on adjustment and har¬ 
mony with the cosmos and on achieving enlightenment by 
mimfne and occult methods. The language was mostly Sam¬ 
skrta and ApabhramSa. The mam Tantnc schools were Mantra- 
yana, Vajrayana, Sabajayana, Kalacakrayana. 

Here we are not concerned with the first and third phase. 
We are concerned only with the earlier phase of the second 
period. Stcherbatsky has provided a translation only of the 
first and twentyfifth chapters i. e, the chapter dealing with 
causality and that dealing with Nirvana of the Madhyamaka 
Sastra or the Madhyamaka-Kankas of Nagarjuna together 
with the commentary of Candraklrtt. In the Introduction, 
an attempt is made to give a brief resume of the Madhyamaka 
system as a whole 

Madhyamaka Sasha • Life of Nagdrjitna and Aryadeva 

The Madhyamaka philosophy is contained mainly in the 
Madhyamaka Sastra of Nagarjuna and the Catuh-Sataka of 
Aryadeva. 

Books on Maha.y5.na Buddhism were completely lost m 
India. Their translation existed m Chinese, .Japanese and 
Tibetan. Mahayana literature was written mostly in Samskrta 



( 4 ) 


and mixed Samskfta. Scholars who had made a study of 
Buddhism hardly suspected that there were books on Budd¬ 
hism m Samsfefta also. 

I 

Mr. Brian Houghton Hodgson was appointed Resident at 
HSthamandu in Nepal in 1833, and served m this capacity up 
to the end of 1843. 

During this peiiod, lie discovered there 381 bundles of 
maruscripts on Buddhnm in Samshrta. These were distn- 
1 ufed to vaiicus learned societies far editing and publication. 
It was then found out that the Buddhism in the Samskpta 
manuscripts was greatly different from that of the Pali Canon, 
and lhat the Buddhi'm in Chinn, Japan, Tibet etc. was very 
much similar to that of the Samskria works Among the 
Samskrta manuscripts was also found the Madhyamnhaiiistra 
of Nagarjuna together with the commentary known as Prasa- 
imapads by Candraklrti. This was edited by Louis dc Ja Vallee 
Poussin and published in the Bibliotheca Buddhica, Vol. IV. 
St Petersburg, Russia in 1912 An earlier edition of this book 
was published by the Buddhist Text Society, Calcutta, m 
1897 and edited by Saraccandra Sastii This u as full of mis¬ 
prints. Poussin consulted this book, but he also used‘two 
other manuscripts, one frem Cambridge and another from 
Pans He also checked up the text of the Kankas and the 
‘commentaiy with the help of Tibetan • translation. Dr P L. 
Vaidya utilised Poussin’s edition and brought out m 1960 
Madhyamaka Sastra of Nagdijuna with Candraklrti’s comme¬ 
ntary m Devai agail character This has been published by 
Mithila Vidyapltha, Darbhanga. Stcberbatsky had utilized 
Poussin’s edition m writing out his Conception of Buddhist 
NirvSna. 

The Buddha used to characterize his teaching as madhyatni 
prahpad (the middle path) When Nagarjuna evolved his 
philosophy, he seized upon this important word, and called 
his philosophy Madhyamaha [madhyamaiva tnadhyamakam) or 
Madhyamaka-iastra. The followers of tins system came to be 
known as MSdhyamika (tnadhyamakam adhiyate vidanti va 



( 5 ) 


MadhyamikaJi). The correct name for the system is lladhya- 
maka, not Madhyamika. Madhyamika means the hetievcr m 
or follower of the Madbyamaka system. 

Under the title of Madhyamaka dastra, Xagarjuna wiote 
out his philosophical teaching in over 400 karikns m anustubha 
metre, divided into 27 chapters. 

Nagdrjuiia. 

He was the teacher who developed and perfected the 
Madhj'amaka system. He flourished in the second century 
A. D. He was born in a Brahmin family in AndhradeSa 
probably m Vidaibha (Beraral. Siiparvata and Dhanyakataka 
tfere the centres of his activities m the south. In the north, 
he carried on his activities in many places of which Nalanda 
is said to be the most prominent He was also connected with 
Amaravati and N&gar]unakonda. Rajatarangmi (11th Century 
A. D.) says that he was a contemporary of Hu ska, Juska and 
Kamska. 

According to the biography of Nagairjuna, translated into 
Chinese by Kumarajlva ( about 405 A. D-), Na.ga.ipma was 
born m a Brahmin family m Southern India, and studied the 
Vedas and other impoitant branches of Biahmamcal learning. 
He was later converted to Buddhism. 

One of his minor uoiks, SvhrUekha ( Friendly Epistle ) is 
srid to have been addressed to the Andhra king, Satavahana. 
Satavahana is, however, regarded not as the name of a pait- 
Jcular king, but as the name of a family of Andhra kings, 
founded by Snruka (vide, Ancient India, by R. C Majumdar, 
T 133). Seme scholars maintain that Suhrllekha was addressed 
to Kamska. 

There is a legend associated with his name. Naga means a 
serpent or dragon. Aijuna is the name of a tree It is said 
that he was bom under an Aijuna tree, and he visited the 
submarine kingdom of the Nagas, where the Naga king trans¬ 
mitted to him the Maheprajii&puratmiii Sttlra which bad been 
•entrusted to the Nagas by the Buddha. 



( 6 } 

The word ‘Naga’ however, is symbolic of wisdom. The 
Buddha is said to have remarked, "The serpent is a name for 
one who has destroyed the asavas (passions)" (Majjhima-Nik- 
aya, 123). The Nagas may, there fore, have been certain Arhants 
to whom the prajnapdramttd teachings may have been handed 
down. Nagarjuna may have received the teachings from 
them. 

The Buddhist Nagarjuna should not be confused with the 
Chemist and Tantnka Nagarjuna who lived probably in the 
7 th century A D 

The Tibetans ascribe 122 books to Nagarjuna, but only the 
following seem to have been his authentic works. 

(1) Madhyamaka-Sasba, also known as Prajfia or Karikas 

with the commentary, Aktitobh tya by the author 
himself. 

(2) Vigrahavyavartavi with a commentary by the author. 

(3) YukhsasHka, 

(4) Siinyatd-saptatt with a commentary by the author. 

(5) Pralityasamulpadahrdaya with a commentary 

(6) Catuhslava 

(7) Bhavandkrama. 

(S\ SuJollekha 

(9) Bhavasamkrdnti 

(10) Ralnavali 

(11) Prajfidparamiid-stltra-Sastra 

(12) Da&alhfUmvibhSsd-iastia. 

(13) Eka-£loka-£dstra 

(14) Vaidalaya sfitra and Prakarana 

(15) Vytivahara-siddht 

Only a few of these are available in the original There is, 
however, a Tibetan translation of all these books. 

Aryadeva or Arja Deva 

He was born m Sunhala (Ceylon) and became a pupil of 
Nagarjuna. He travelled with him to various places and helped 
him greatly in propagating his doctnne. 



( 7 ) 

His biography was translated into Chinese by Kuraarajiva 
in about 405 A. D. 

His most famous work is Caluh-Sataka which consists of 
•400 Karikas. He defended the teachings of Ndgarjuna, and 
criticized the philosophy of Hfnayana, Saihkhya and VaiSesika. 
He was probably the author of Aksara-Satakam. He ,is also 
said to have been the author of Hastavala-prakarana and 
Cillaviiuddhi-prakarana. Prof. Wintemitz expresses his doubt 
whether CittcmUttddhi-praharana was bis work. 

It is said that he was murdered by the pupil of a heretical 
teacher whom he had defeated in disputation. 

The Original Sources of Mahayana 

The origin of Maha.ya.na may be traced to an earlier school 
known as Mah&saAgJnka and earlier literary sources known as 
Mahay an a siilras. 

1. Mahasanghikas. 

At the council held at Vaisali ( according to Kimura), 
aertain monks differed widely from the opinions of other 
monks on certain important points of the dharma. Though the 
monks that differed formed the majority, they were excommu¬ 
nicated by the others who called them 'Papa Bhikkhus and 
Adhammavadins. In Buddhist history, these Bhikkhus were 
known as Mahasanghikas, because they formed the majority 
at the council or probably because they reflected the opinion*! 
of the larger section of the laity. The Bhikkhus who excommu¬ 
nicated them styled themselves Sthaviras or the Elders, 
because they believed thal they represented the original, orth¬ 
odox doctrine of the Buddha. We have seen that the Maha- 
sanghikas coined the term MahSyana to represent their system 
of belief and practice, and called the Sthaviras Hinayana, 

Let us see what the main tenets of the Mahasanghikas 
were. Their contributions can be summed up under four 
Leads. 





1. The Statin of the Buddha 


According to tne Mahasanghikas, the Buddha was not simply 
an historical person The real Buddha was transcendental, 
supramundane eternal, infinite The historical Buddha 
was only a fictitious person sent by Him to appear in the 
world, to assume a human body, to live like an ordinary 
human being and teach the dharma to the inhabitants of the 
world The real Buddha is the Reality par excellence and will 
continue to send mjssengers to the world to teach the true 
dhaima to mankind 

2 The Status of the Arhat 

The Sthaviras had attributed perfection to the Arhats The 
Mahasanghikas maintained that the Arhats were not perfect, 
they were troubled by doubts and were ignorant of many 
things They should not be held up as ideals. Rather those 
should be emulated as ideals who during aeons of self-sacrifice 
and struggle attained to Buddhahood. 

3 The Status of Emptnca! knowledg e 

According to the Mahasanghikas, empirical knowledge 
could not give us an insight into Reality Only Siinyaia which 
transcends all worldly things can give us a vision of the Real 
All verbal statements give us a false view of the Real, they are 
mere thought-constructions 

4. Tie Unsubstantial Naline of the Dharm as 

The Sthai iras believed that the pi id gal a or a personal self 
was unsubstantial, but the dhatmas or elements of existence 
were real entities The Mahasanghikas maintained that not 
only were the pnigalas unsubstantial (pudgala-nairsthiya), but 
the dharmas (elements of existence) were also unsubstantial 
(d/tanna-sanaftoja). Every thing was unsubstantial (Sanya) 

It will be seen from the above account that the germs ol 
practicallj all the important tenets of Madhyamaka philosophy 

were present in the system of the Mahasanghikas. 




( 9 ) 

It is the MahSsafighikas who first of all gave expression 
to Buddha’s ontological perceptions winch were first embodied 
in the Maha.y3.na * sutras and were 'later developed into 
Mahay in a philosophy and religion. 

11. Literary Sources 

In Buddhism, siitra literature is said to contain the'direct, 
oral teachings of the Buddha, and SSstra is said to contain the 
scholarly and philosophical elaboration of the direct teachings 
of the Buddha. 

We have a large bulk of literary works known’as MahSyurth 
siitras. Being siitras, they claim to be the ’direct teachMgh of 
the Buddha Such bulky volumes, obviously, cannot be the 
spoken word of the Buddha. They are the elaboration of some 
'seminal sOtras’ which are so deeply embedded m the volum¬ 
inous MaltCty&na 'siitra' literature that it is now almost impossi¬ 
ble to disentangle them. 

The most important of these works are the ‘ prijfiapafdtiiiii 
sutras. PrajM-p&ramtts is generally translated as 'perfect 
wisdom*. The word 'param-ita* i. e. 'gone beyond' suggests that 
it would be better to translate prajiia-paramua as 'transcendent 
insight* or 'transcendent wisdom*. The Tibetans translate it in 
this way In all countries where Mahay3.ua is a living religion t 
the following prajnd-p&ramita mantra is generally < recited. 
"Gate, gate, paramgatc, pSrasamgate Bodhi, svdftf’ i. e. ”0 
wisdom which 1ms gone beyond the beyond, to thee Homage". 

According to Dr. Edward Conze, the composition of the 
Prajild paramtta texts extended ovei about a thousand years 
which may be divided into four phases. 

The first phase (C. 100 B. C. to A. D. t'00) 1 consists in'itbe 
elaboration of the teaching in a basic text. 1 

The second phase (C.'A. D.‘ 100-300) consists in'the expan¬ 
sion 1 of the teachuig into three or f&ur lengthy treatises. 

The thiid phase (c. A. D. 300-500) consists in the'abridge- 
ment of the teachings into a few shorter treatises. 



( 10 ) 


The fourth phase (C A. D 500-1200) consists in its cond¬ 
ensation into Tantric dharanis and mantras 

(1) According to most scholars, the Astu sahasnka, consist¬ 
ing of 8,000 lines is the oldest of the Prajiidparamita literature 
It had its origin probably among the Mahasanghikas. The 
principal t hem e of this treatise is the doctrine of &Rnyat& (void 

or emptiness) 

(2) Asta-sdhasrtka seems to have been expanded m the 
three hundred years that followed into SalasShasrikd (of 100,000 
lines), PancavwtSaltsahasrtka (of 25,000 lines) and Asladaiasd- 
■hasriha' (of 18,000 lines). The last one was translated by 
Lokaraksa m A. D 172. 

(3) Now began the abridgement of the Prajnti-pSramili 
literature The earliest abridgements are the Hrdaya-siitra 
and the Vajracchedika sii/ra The Vajraechedtba was translated 
-into Chinese probably in the 5th century A. D. This translat¬ 
ion was printed In China on 11th May, 868 This is said to be 
the oldest printed book m the world. 

AbJusamayBlamkara is said to be a summary of pancavtmiaii- 
.sahasrika made by Maitreyanatha, the teacher of Asanga 

(4) Lastly Prajndparanata. was condensed into dhSranis and 
mantras One of these, viz., Ekaksari says that the perfection 
of wisdom is contained only in one letter, viz , *a'. Ultimately 
PrajHaparatnita. was personified as a goddess to be worshipped. 

Prajnap5.raroit&s are both philosophy and religion They 
are not mere 'philosophy' in the Western sense of the word. 
'In the West, philosophy cut itself adrift from religion and be¬ 
came a purely intellectual pursuit In India, every philosophy 
was a religion, and every religion had a philosophy. Western 
.religion became only a credal religion Indian religion Was a 
philosophical religion. 

The principal theme of the Prajndp&ramxtS. literature is the 
doctrine of Oinyata The HTnayanists believed only in pudgala- 
nairalmya or the unsubstantiality of the individual They 
'classified Reality into certain dharmas or elements of existence 



( 11 } 

*rd thought that the dharmas weie substantial!} real. PrajilS 
paramits gives a knock-out to this belief It teaches sarva- 
dhatiua siiny at a, the unsubstantiality of all dharmas. 

Phenomena are dependent on conditions. Being so depen¬ 
dent, thev are devoid of sub'tantial reality. Hence they are 
iPitya (empty). 

ftiivaiia being transcendent to all categories of thought is 
Sfinyaia (emptiness) itself. 

Both sams&ra and Nirvana, the conditioned and unconciti- 
oned are mere thought-consti uctions and are so devoid of 
reality [Suuya). 

Ultimate Reality may be called Sunyata. in the sense that it 
transcends all empirical determinations and thought- 
constructions. 

Prajila or transcendent insight consists in ceasing to indulge 
in thought-constructions. So frafiia becomes synonymous with 
Sunyata. 

One, however, acquires insight into Stiny ata not merely 
by avowing it enthusiastically, nor by logcmachy, but by 
meditation on 5 iinyata. 

One has to meditate on Siinyatd as the absence of self-hood, 
on the absence of substantiality in all the dharmas, on Sunyata 
as even the emptiness of the unconditioned. Finally one has 
to abardon Sunyata itself as a mere raft to cross the ocean of 
ignorance. This meditation will, however, be ineffective unless 
one has cultivated certain moral virtues. 

Though this is a very brief summary of the Prajnaparahiitd 
texts, it is enough to show that this kind of literature contai¬ 
ned all the important elements of the Mabayana system 

Thus we see that the Hadhyamaka system was developed 
' _n the basis of the doctrines of the MahasaAghikas and the 
MahaySna sHtras known as Prajnaparamita sfitras 



( 12 f) 

The Madhyamaka Works and Schools 

■ The Madhyamaka system of philosophy was developed 
mainly by Nagarjuna. He was one of the greatest geniuses 
the world has ever known. The system of which he laid the 
foundation was developed by his brilliant followers. It had 
a continuous history of development from the second century 
A'.D. upto eleventh century A D. 

Three stages of its development can be easily marked. In 
the first stage, there was a systematic formulation of the 
Madhyamaka philosophy by Nagarjuna and Aryadeva. The 
second stage is one of division of the system into two schools 
the Prasagntka and the SitUantnka. The third stage is one of 
re-affirmation of the Prasangika school. 

First stage-Nagarjtma and Aryadeva (2nd cent ury A. D.) 

Nagarjuna was the author of a voluminous commentary 
on PrajHdpdramtid known as Prajiia.paraimtd-ia.stra This was 
translated into Chinese by Kumfirajiva [A D. 402-405). The 
original is not available now. He, however, formulated his 
mam philosophy in frajiia-mula or Mula-Madhyamaka-Kankas 
known also as Madhyamaka- Sastra His devoted pupil Aryadeva 
elaborated his philosophy in Camh-iataka We have already 
seen what other books were written by Nagarjuna an! 
Aryadeva. 

Second stage Nagarjuna had us°d the technique of prasanga 
in formulating his Madhyamaka philosophy. Prasanga is a tec¬ 
hnical word which means reduetto ad absurdwm argument. 
Nagarjuna did not advance any theory of his own, and there¬ 
fore, had no need to advance any argument to prove his 
theory. He used only prasanga-vSkya or reduetto ad absuidttm 
argument to prove that the theories advanced by his oppon¬ 
ents only led to absurdity on the very principles accepted by 
them. This implied that Reality was beyond thought-const¬ 
ruction. 



( 13 ) 


Buddhapahta who flourished in the middle of the sixth 
century was an ardent follower of NagdTjuna. He felt that 
prasanga was the correct method of the Madhyamaka philoso¬ 
phy and employed it m his teachings and writings. He wrote a 
commentary called MadhyamakavtUt on the Madhyamaka 
Saslra of Nagarjuna. This is available only in Tibetan transla¬ 
tion. The original is lost. 

A junior contemporary of Buddhapahta, named Bhavya or 
Bhavaviveka maintained that the opponent should not only 
'he reduced to absurdity, but soalantra or independent logical 
arguments should alsc be advanced to silence him. He believed 
that the system of dialectics alone could not serve the purpose 
of pin-pointing the Absolute Truth. 

He wrote MahaySva-Karatala-rahia tustra, MadhyamikaJtrd- 
aya with an auto-commentary, called Tarkajvala, Madhyamar- 
tha-Samgraha and Prajha-pradipa, a commentary on the Madhy¬ 
amaka Sastra of NSgarjuna. Only a Tibetan translation of 
these works is available. Dr. L. M. JosbS transcribed the 
. Madhyamartha-Samgraha into Nagan letters and translated it 
into Hindi which appeared in the Dharmaduta, Vol. 29, July- 
August, 1964. 

N. Aiyswami Sastri has restored Karaialaratna from the 
Chinese translation of Yuan Chwang into Samskrta (Vilvabbar- 
ati Santinekatan, 1949). 

So we see that in the sixth century, nearly 400 years after 
the death of NSgarjuna, the Madhyamaka school was split 
into two, viz. (a) Prasangika school, led by Buddhapahta and 
(2) Svatantnka School, led by Bhavaviveka. 

Y. Kajiyama says that the problim which divided the 
Madhyamikas was whethei the system of relative knowledge 
could be recognised as valid or not, though it was delusive 
from the absolute point of view. 

According to Yuan Chwang, Bhavaviveka externally wore 
•the Samkhya cloak, though internally he was supporting the 
-doctrine of Kagarjuna. 



( 14 ) 


Third Stage— In the third stage, we have two very bi iltiant- 
scholars oi the Madhyamaka system, viz. Candrakirti and 
£anhdeva 

A large number of comentanes (about twenty) was written 
on Ivagarjuna's Madhyamaka Sastra They are available only 
in Tibetan translation’. Candrakirti’s prasannapadd commen- - 
tary is the only one that has survived m the onginal Samsakrta 
It seems to have elbowed every other commentary out of 
existence. 

He flourished early in the seventh century A D. and wrote 
several works He was born in Samanta m the South He stud¬ 
ied Madhyamaka philosophy under Kamalabuddhi, a disciple 
of Buddbapalita and probably under Bhavya also His pras- 
annapada commentary on Kagarjuna’s Madhyamaka Satfra. 
has already been mentioned He wrote an independent work, 
named Madhyamak&vatdra with an auto-comment ary He- 
frequently refers to Madhyamak&valara in tus Prasannapaia 
which goes to show that the former was written earlier than 
the lattier 

He also wrote commentaries on Nagarjuna's Simyatd: 
Saptatt and Yukti Sasttka and on Aryadeva’s CaUthsalaka. 
Two other prakaianas or manuals, viz , Madhyamakaprajila- 
vatdra and Pancaskandha were also written by him Of all his 
works, only Prasannapada is available in the original, other 
works are available onlv m Tibetan translation 

Candrakirti vigorously' defends the Prasangika school, and 
exposes the hollowness of BhSvaviveka’s logic at many places 

He also supports the common sense view of sense-percept¬ 
ion and criticizes the doctrine of the 'unique particular’ 
(svalakstzua) and perception devoid of determination ( kalpana ~ 
podha). 

He has also criticized Vijflanai ada and maintains that- 
conscfousness (vijfiana) without an object is unthinkable. 

Santideva was another great pillar of the Prasangika 
school He flourished in the seventh century A D According to- 



< 15 ) 

Taranatlia, Santideva was the son ol King Kalyanavaui.au 
of Sauraslra and was the rightful successor to the throne. As 
a prince he was known as Santivarman. He was so deeply 
inspired by Mahayamc ideal that he fled away from his king¬ 
dom and took orders with Jaideva in Neilanda after which he 
was known as Sdntideva. 

He was the author of Siksa-sanmccaya and Bod/ncaryavatCra. 
In the foimer, he has referi ed to many important Mahayana 
' woiks, nearly 97 in number which are now completely lost. 
In the Bodhicaryavatara he has emphasized the cultivation 
of Bodhicitta. He was the greatest poet of the Madhyamaka 
school and his works evince a beautiful fusion of poetry and 
. philosophy. He was the follower of the Pr&sangtka method 
and has criticized Vijflanavada vehemently. 

It may be said in passing that Santaraksita and Kamalaslla 
represent a syncretism of ihe Madhyamaka system and Vijrfi- 
navada and cannot he strictly called Madhyamikas. 5antaia- 
ksita flourished in the eighth century A D. His great work 
was Tattvasamgraha (Compendium of Reality). His celebrated 
pupil, KamalaSila wrote the Tattvasamgraha-pafijikii, a learned 
commentary on Tattvasamgraha. 

The Madhyamaka Dialec tic ■ It s Ongin, Sinulitre A ,.d 
Development. 

We have seen that nearly all the important tenets of the 
Madhyamaka philosophy were aheady adumbiated m the 
Mahasanghika system and Prajnsparamitd literature. Nagar- 
juna only developed them What was then the original 
contribution of Nagarjuna » His ougmal contnbution was 
the dialectic that he evolved. He certainly threw new light 
on the various doctrines of Mahayana foreshadowed in the 
Mahasanghika thought and PrajmparamitS. works, and provi¬ 
ded a deeper and more critical exposition of those doctrines, 
but his most original contribution was the dialectic. 



{ 16 ) 

The mysterious silence of the Buddha on the most funda¬ 
mental question of Metaphysics led him to probe into the 
reason of that silence Was the Buddha agnostic as some of 
the European wuters on Buddhism believe him to be ? If hot, 
what was the reason of his silence ? Through a searching 
inquiry into this silence Was the dialectic born. 

There are well-known questions which the Buddha declared.' 
to be avyakrta 1 . e. the answers to which were inexpressible. 
Candr.ikirti enumerates them m his commentary on the'MK. 
22 , 12 . 

He begins by saying “Ilia caturda&a avyakrta-vastilni bhaga- 
vaia mrdistSm "—The Lord announced fourteen things to be 
inexpressible", and then mentions them in the following order: 

(1) Whether the world is (a) eternal (b) or not, (c) or both, 
(d) or ncither-4 

(2) Whether the world is (a) finite (b) infinite (c) or both 
(d) or neither—4 

(3 Whether the Tathagata (a) exists after death, (b) or 
does not (c) or both (d) or neither-4 

(4) Whether the soul is identical with the body or different 
from it-2=14 in all 

m 

It will be seen that there are four alternatives in the first* 
three sets of questions. There conld be four alternatives in 
the last question also. These four alternatives formed the 
basis of Catu$kot\ or tctra-lemma of Nagarjuna’s dialectic. 
In each, there is (l) a positive thesis, opposed by (u) a negative 
counter-thesis. These two are the basic alternatives, (m) They 
are conjunctively affirmed to from the third alternative, and 
(iv) disjunctively denied to form the fourth. 

The 'yes’ or 'no' 'answer to these fundamental questions 
could not do justice to truth: Buddha called such speculations 
mere 'dxtlhxvada (dogmatism), and refused to be draWn 
into them. 



( 17 ) 

Nagarjuna had before him the structure of these questions 
and Buddha's silence, refusing to give any categorical answer 
to such questions. Buddha used to say that he neither believed 
in Soivata-vGda, an absolute affirmation, nor in Vcchedttvada an 
absolute negation His position was one of 'madhyamn 
firatipada (literally, the middle position). 

Nagarjuna pondered deeply over this attitude of the 
Buddha, and came to the conclusion that the leason of Buddha's 
studied silence m regard to such questions was that Reality 
was transcendent to thought. He systematized the four alter¬ 
natives (anlas or holis), mercilessly exposed the disconcerting 
implications of each alternative, brought the antinomies of 
Reason luminously to the fore by hunting them out from even* 
cover, aud demonstrated the impossibility of erecting a sound 
Metaphysic on the basis of dogmatism or rationabsm. This 
was his dialectic The four alternatives were already formula¬ 
ted by the Buddha His originality consisted in drawing out by 
thc application of rigorous logic the implications of each alter¬ 
native, driving Reason m a cul de sac and thus preparing the 
mind for taking a right-about-turn [parGvrUt) towards prajhu 

To the unwary reader, Nagarjuna appears to be either a 
cantankerous philosopher out to controvert all systems, or as 
a sophist trickster wringing from an unsuspecting, opponent 
certain concessions m argument by artful equivocation and 
then chuckling over his discomfiture or as a destructive nihilist 
negativing every view brusquely, affiirraing none. 

On a more careful study of his dialetic, it will appear that 
none of these fears is true, that he is, m all soberness, only 
trying to show np the inevitable conflict in which Reason 
gets involved when it goes beyond its legitimate province of 

comprehending phenomena, and enters the forbidden land of 
noumena. 

The, Meaning of Dialetic 

" *. 

What then does dialectic mean ? In plain words, dialectic 
is that movement of thought which, by examining the pros 



( IS ) 

and cons ol a question, brings about a dear consciousness of 
the antinomies into which Reason gets bogged up, and hints 
at a way out of the impasse by rising to a plane higher than 
Reason. 

Structure of The Dialelic 

We have seen that the origin of the dialectic of the Madh- 
yamika lay m the four alternatives m each avyaJflla problem 
followed by a mysterious silence on the part of the Buddha. 
Nagarjuna clearly systematized these and formulated them 
into the catuskoti, tetralemma or quadnlemma, also called the 
four-cornered negation. The structure of the clearly articula¬ 
ted dialectic finally stood thus : 

The first alternative of the tetralemma consisted of (i) a 
positive thesis, the second of (u) a negative counter-thesis, 
the third of (lii) a conjunctive affirmation of the first two, the 
fourth of (iv) a disjunctive denial of the first two. 

The Technique of the Dialectic 

The technique of the dialectic consisted in drawing out the 
implications of the View of the opponent on the basis of the 
principles accepted by himself and thus showing the self- 
contradictory character of that view. The opponent was 
hoisted with his own petard He was reduced to the position 
of absurdity when the self-contradictory consequences of his 
own assumptions were revealed The dialectic was thus a 
rejection of views by reductto ad absurdum argument. Techni¬ 
cally this was known as prasmiga. 

The Purpose of The Dialecltc 

The purpose of the dialectic was to disprove the views 
advanced by others, not to prove any view of one’s own. He 
who advances a view must necessarily prove it to others whom 
he wants to convince; he who has no view to advance is under 
no such necessity. Nagaijuna states clearly in his Vtgrahavy- 
Svartani (St. 29) that no one can find fault with the Madhya- 
mika, for he has no view of his own to advance. 



< 19 ) 

"Yadt kucana pratigilil synn me iata eva me bhaved dosah. Ngst j 
ta m ama pialijna tasmfin naivnsli me dosah " 

"If I bad a thesis of my own to advance, you could find 
fault with it. Since I have no thesis to advance, the question 
of disproving it does not arise". 

The dialectic was directed against the dogmatists and 
rationalists who maintained a definite view about Reality. 
By exposing the hollowness of their logic and the self-contra' 
dictory consequences of their assumptions, Nagarjuna wanted 
to disprove the claims of Reason to apprehend Reality. 
Candrakirti puts the whole position very clearly m the follow¬ 
ing words • 

“Ntrupapathka-paksabhyupagamat svatmaiiam eva ayatn 
visatnvadayan na iakiiott pare sain ntscayam adhatum iiu Idameva 
spastalarain dftsanam yadula svapialijnulurlkasitdltafiusumarth- 
yam itt" (F.F. p.6) "By his illogical assumption, the opponent 
only contradicts himself, and is unable to convince others. 
What could be more self-convictmg than the fact that he is 
unable even to prove the premises on the basis of which he 
advances his arguments " 

Nagarjuna mercilessly demolished every philosophical 
opinion of his time, not because he derived a sadistic pleasure 
in doing so, but because he had a definite purpose. Negatively 
the dialectic was meant to prove that Reality could not be 
measured by the three-foot lule of discursive thought. But 
this was not all. It had some positive suggestions. Firstly, 
phenomenon or empirical reality is a realm of relativity, in 
which an entity is £u«ya or ms-svabhSoa i.e., devoid of indepen¬ 
dent reality. 

Secondly, one can comprehend Reality by rising to a plane 
higher than logical thought i.e., the plane of prajnd. 

Thirdly, Reality cannot be expressed in terms of the 'is'-, 
'is not'—dichotomising mind. . , „ 



( 20 ) 

The Application of the Dialectic 

Nagarjuna rigorously examines all philosophical theones 
lhat were held by the thinkers m his time He turns the 
' Battery of his dialectic against concepts like causality, motion 
and rest, the dyatailas, the a kandhas, the diman etc. 

Stcheibatsky has included only his criticism of causality 
and nirvana, for they are the most important We shall, 
therefore, confine our observations only to these two We 
shall consider Nagarjuna's examination of the concept of 
causality here, and his examination of Nirv5ya under a 
separate heading 

Nagarjuna fires the fust shot against causality, for that 
was the central problem of philosophy in his days. 

Examination of Causality 

Applying his tetralemma to causality, Nagarjuna says that 
there can be only four views about causality, viz. (!) view of 
svala ui-patith, the theory of self-becoming (2) parala utpalltji, 
i.e. production from another (3) dv&bhyam tttpaUth l.e product¬ 
ion from both-from itself and from another (4} ahetuta ntpattih 
i e production without any cause, production by chance 

(1) Svala utpalhh —This means that the cause and effect 
are identical, that things aie produced out of themselves 
Nagarjuna, had evidently in view the Satkaryavada of Sim- 
khya, while criticizing the autogenous theory of causality. 

The Madhyamika's criticism of this theoiy may be summa¬ 
rized thus . 

(ll If the effect is already present in the cause, no purpose 
would be seived by its re-produclion. The Samkhya may say 
that though the effect may be present m the cause, its mani¬ 
festation [abhivyakti) is something new This, however, docs 
not mean that the effect is a new substance. It only means 
that it is a new form or state of the substance But this 
difference of form or state goes, against the identity of the 
underlying substratum. 




( 2i } 

(n) II it is said that the cause is partly actual, and partly 
potential, it would amount to accepting the oppsoed natures 
m one and the same thing. 

If the cause is wholly potential, it cannot by itself become 
actual without an extianeous aid. The oil cannot be got out 
of the seed, unless it is pressed by a a usher. If it has to 
depend on an external aid, then there is no svala ulpalUh or 
self-production. This amounts to giving up satkuryav&da. 

(uij If the cause and effect aie identical, it would be impo¬ 
ssible to distinguish one as the producer of the other. 

The identity view of cause and effect (Salkaryav&da) is, 
therefore, riddled with self-contradiction. 

(2) Parata UlpalUh This means that the cause and effect 
are different This view is known as asalkaryavada. This 
was held by the Sarvastivadins and Sautrantikas or the Hina- 
yanists in general. Nagarjuna had obviously these in view 
while criticizing this heterogeneous view of causality. 

His criticism of this view makes out the following impor¬ 
tant points 

(i) If the cause is difleicnt from the effect, no relation can 
subsist between the two. In that case anything can be pro¬ 
duced from anything. 

( 11 ) The Hina) amst believed that with the production of 
the effect the cause ceased to exist But ex hypoihesi causality 
is a relation between two. Unless the cause and effect co¬ 
exist, they cannot be related. If teey cannot be related, 
causality becomes meaningless. 

(m) The Hinayamst believed that the effect is pioduced by 
a combination of factors. Now for the co-ordination of these 
factors, another factor would be required, and again for the 
co-ordination of the additional factor with the previous one, 
another factor would be required. This would lead to a 
regressus ad tnfimlwn. 



( 22 ) 

(3) Dvabhy&m utpattth —This theory believes that the eflect 
is both identical with and different from the cause. This is a 
combination of both Satkaryavada and Asatkaryavada, and 
so contains the inconsistencies of both. Besides this would 
invest the real with two opposed characters (identity and 
difference) at one and the same time 

(if) Ahclutah Utpatlxh —This theoiy maintains that things 
are produced without a cause, by chance The Svabhavavadins- 
Naturalists and Sceptics believed m such a theory. If no 
reason is assigned for the theory, it amounts to sheer, perverse 
dogmatism If a reason is assigned, it amounts to accepting 
a cause. 

Having exposed the inherent inconsistency m all the above 
views, Na.ga.jjnna comes to the conclusion that causality is a 
mere thought-construction superimposed upon the objective 
order of e\istence In the words of Kant, causality is only a 
category of mind. 

Disti nction Between Hin ay ana and Mahay Una 

There are several aspects af Buddhist philosophy and reli¬ 
gion m which Maha.ya.na differs from Hi nay ana In what 
follows, we shall deal mostly with the Madhyamaka system of 
Mahayana 

( 1) Difference in the Interpretation of PraUtyasamulpuda — 
The doctrine of Pratltyasamutpada is exceedingly important 
m Buddhism It is the causal law both of the universe and 
tne lives of individuals. It is important from two points of 
view Firstly, it gives a very clear ideo of the impermanent 
and conditioned nature of all phenomena Secondly, it shows 
how birth, old age, death and all the miseries of phenomenal 
existence arise in dependence upon conditions, and how all 
the miseries cease in the absence of these conditions. 

We have seen what view the Madhyamikas held of causa¬ 
lity. Since Pratltyasamutpada was the universal causal law, 
the Madhyamikas undertook a critical examination of this law. 



( 23 ) 

Their interpretation of this law differs considerably from that 
of HlnaySna-Pratltyasamutpada is generally translated, as 
‘conditioned co-production' or ‘interdependent origination'. 

According to Hlnayana, pratityasamutpada means "prati 
prati ilyaitam vms&iv&m samutpadah" i«*. ''the evanescent 
momentaiy things appear". According to it, pralitya-samut- 
pada is the causal law regulating the coming into being and 
disappearance of the various elements [dharmas). 

According to the Madhyamika rise and subsidence of the 
elements of existence [dharmas) is not the correct interpretat¬ 
ion of pratityasamutpada. 

As Candrakirti puts it ",hetupratyayapekso bhSvanam uipadah 
praiityasamttlpSdSrthah" {P.P., p. 2) i.e. pratityasamutpada 
'means the manifestation of entities as relative to causes and 
conditions. 

The Hinayanists had interpreted pratityasamutpada as 
temporal sequence of real entities between which there was 
a causal relation. 

According to the Madhyamika, pratityasamutpada does not 
mean the principle of temporal sequence, but the principle 
of essential dependence of things on each other. In one word, 
it is the pnnciple of relativity Relativity is the most impor¬ 
tant discovery of modem science. What science has discovered 
to-day, the great Buddha had discovered two thousand five 
hundred years before. In interpreting pratUyasamulp&da as 
essential dependence of things on each other or relativity of 
things, the Madhyamika means to controvert another doctrine 
of the Hinayanist. The Hinayanists had analysed all pheno¬ 
mena into elements {dharmas), and believed that these dharmas 
had a separate reality of their own. The Madhyamika says 
that the very doctrine of pratityasamutpada declares that all 
the dharmas are relative, they have no separate reality (svab- 
h&va) of their own. N*s-svabhSoatva is synonymous with 
SHuyats i.e, devoid of real, independent existence. Pheno¬ 
mena are devoid [Sanya) of independent reality. Pratityasa- 



mulpndn or Interdependence mentis Relativity, and Relativity 
connotes the unreality (imiva/n) of the separate elements 

Candr.iklrli says, "Tadatra~iiirodhmlya^ta-vi<e<;ana-vt£islah 
pratityasamutptidah iiistriitdndheynrlhah" ( P P. P 2 ) j. c , 
"The subject matter or the central idea of this treatise is 
pratUyasamvIpiida charnel cured by eight negative charac¬ 
teristics” 

The importance of ptnlilya^am.ilpiida lies m its teaching 
thatallphenomen.il existence, all entities in the world are 
conditioned are devoid of (siiiiya) real, independent existence 
[yvabhUva), 

As Nagarjuna puis it " Naln vahhiivo bhnvliurnu pratyilyudisv 
Vidyatc" (M. K 1,6)—''There is no real, mdcpindeut exis¬ 
tence of entities in the pralyayas 1 e renditions” As Dr E 
Conze puts it ‘'All tha concrete content belongs to the inter¬ 
play of countless conditions” (Buddhist Thought m India, 
P. 240 ). 

Nagarjuna sums up his teaching about pratitya-saniutpiida 
in the following words 

"Apratilya samtilpauno dhmmah kaicimta vidyate Yasmfil 
tasmut aOlnyohi dliarmah ka&ctnna vtdyale" (M K, 24, 19) "Since 
there is no element of existence [dharma) which comes into 
manifestation without conditions, therefore there is no dharma 
which is not ifluya (devoid of real, independent existence)” 

The pralilyasaunitpilda becomes equivalent to iunyata or 
relativity Nagarjuna says "Yah pratVyasamutpud »/i SnityaUl 
tam pracaksamahe’’ (M K 24, 18) "What is pratilyasamulpada 
that we call iunyata" 

Silnya or Siinyafa is the most important concept of Madhya, 
maka philosophy. We shall, therefore, consider it under a 
■separate heading in the sequel. > > 



( 25 ) 


!. Dtfftrtnct in the concept of Nindm 

The following points regarding Nirvana are common bet¬ 
ween Hinayana and Mahayana. 

(1) Nirvana is inexpressible. It has no origin, no change, 
no decay. It is deathless (amyta) 

(2) It has to be realized within oneself. This is possible 
only when there is complete extinction of craving for 
sense-pleasure. 

(3) Personal self as such ceases in Nirvana. Access to 
Nirvana is possible only on the extinction of the per¬ 
sonal self. 

(4) It is a peace [iama or ujtnSania) that passeth under¬ 
standing. 

(5) It provides lasting security. 

Tha jpord 'nirvana' literally means 'extinguished' and 
therefore 'tranquil'. 

The Buddha is said to have made the following remark 
about Nirvana : 

“There is an Unborn, Unbecome, Unmade, Uncompounded; 
for if there were not this Unborn, Unbecome, Unmade, Uncom¬ 
pounded, there would be apparently no escape from this here 
that is born, become, made, and compounded" (Udana VIII.3) 

This goes to show that Nirvana is not annihilation. In 
Samyutta Nikaya (1069-76), there is a long dialogue between 
UpaSiva and Buddha about Nirvana. In that dialogue, the 
following two statements made by the Buddha are * very 
important • 

"Acci yatha vatavegena khitto 
attam paleti, na upeti sahkham 
evam muni namakayS vimutto 
attam paleti, na upeti sankham" 

'As flame blown out by wind goes to rest, and is lost to cogni- 




( 2G ) 


zance, just so the sage who is released from name and body, 
goes to rest and is, lost to cognizance”. 

"Atthan-gatassa na pamanam atthi, 
yena nam vajju, tam tassa n'atthi, 
sabbesu dhammesu samuhatesu 
samuhata vadapatha. pi sabbeti* 

"There is no measure to him who has gone to rest, he keeps 
nothing that could be named When all dharnias are abolished, 
all paths of speech are also abolished”. 

Both Hinayamsts and Mahayamsts would concur m these 
beautiful descriptions of N irvana It is only on the stepping- 
stone of our dead selves that we can rise to Nirvana As 
Suzuki puts it "Nirvana according to Buddhists, dots not 
signify an annihilation of consciousness nor a temporal or 
permanent suppression of mentation, as imagined by r ome, 
but it is the annihilation of the notion of ego-substance and 
of all the desires that arise from this erroneous coijception" 
(Outlines of Mahayana Buddhism pp 50-51/ 

' We shall now turn to the difference in the interpretation 
of Nirvana between the two. 

(1) The Hinayamsts believe that Nirvana is eternal (ntlya), 
■blissful {sttkJia) 

,, The Madhyamika says that there can be no predication of 
Nirvana. 

(2) Hinayanists believe that it is something to be acquired. 
Madhyamikas believe that it is not something to be acquuod 

NSgarjuna describes Nirvana in the following words 
"Aprahinam asamprBptam amcchmnam a&alvatam 
AninuMham anutpannam elan mroanam Hcyatef’ 

(MK. 25, 3) 

"Nirvana is that which is neither abandoned nor acquired, it 
is neither a thing annihilated, nor a,thing eternal, it is neither 
destroyed nor produced" 



( 27 ) 


To quote Candrakiriti "Sarvaprapaiicopusamukivalaksaiiain 
ntrvanam" (P.P. p.2). Nirvana connotes the cessation of all 
talk about it, the quiescence of phenomenal existence, and 
the attainment of the highest good" 

3. The Vaibhasika thinks that Nirvajja is a positive entity 
(bhava). NagErjuna says that the HInayanist believes Nirvana 
to be unconditioned. To say it is unconditioned ( asamskria ), 
and yet a positive entity (bhava) amounts to self-contradiction, 
for a positive entity which is not dependent on comditions 
cannot be discovered If it is not bhava, it cannot be abhava 
(total cessation) either, for abhdva is a relative word. There 
can be abhava only when previously there is bhava . Moreover 
cessation (abhdva) is an event, occnrrmg in time. It would 
make Nirvana transitory. 

Candrakirti in his commentary on Madhyamaka karika 
gives a relevant quotation from Arya Ratnavali. 

"Na cabhavo’ pi mrvdiiam kuta evasya bhavana 
BhavabhavaparamarSa-ksayo nirvanam ncyate” 

P.P. p. -29) 

“Nor is Nirvana abhava (non-ens). How do you entertain 
such an idea ? Nirvana is really complete cessation of such 
consideration as bhava (ens) or abhava (non-ens) of the real”. 

It is above the relativity of existence and non-existence. 

Candrakirti clinches the whole issue by saying "Talakca. 
saroakalpand ksayu rfipani eva ntrvanam" (P. P. p. 229) Nirvaqa 
or Reality is that which is absolved of all thought-constructin. 

4. The HInayanist thinks that Nirvana is the apposite of 
sumsdra (phenomena). Nagarjuna says that there is no differe¬ 
nce between Nirvana and samsara. 

Na sathsarasya nirvaiiat kunetd asti viicsanam 
Na nirvanasya samsarat kimctd astt vtiesanatti 

(Mk 25, 19) 

"Nothing of phenomenal existence (samsara) is different 
'rom nirvana, nothing of nirv&na is different from phenomenal 
existence". 



{ 28 ) 


“NirviiiuKya gu yii koiih kolth samsuranasya ca 
Na layer antaram kintal sttsShfamath apt vidyatc" 

(Mk. 25, 20) 

"■l hat which is the limit of Nirvana is also the limit of 
santsdra; there is not the slightest difference between the 
two". 

"I'/i fijatnjavihhuva it paddy a pralVya vd 
So' piatitya aitulpadiiya ntrvumm upadtiyalc” 

(Mk 25,9). 

“1 liat which when appropriating or relative {updddya) or 
dependent (piatitya va) wanders to and from ( djavavtja - 
vibhava) is declared to be Nirvana when not depending 
(apralitya) or not appiopiiatmg oi illative ( anttpdidya)”. 

To sum up, there are two mam features which distinguish 
the Madhjamika concption of Nirvana from that of the 
Hinayamst. 

(1) Hie Hinayamst considers ccitain defiled and condi¬ 
tioned dharmas (elements) ta be ultimately real, and also cer¬ 
tain undefiled and unconditioned dharmas to be ultimately 
real. According to him. Nirvana means a veritable change of 
the discrete, conditioned existences (samskrta dharmas) and 
defilaments ( kleias ) into unconditioned ( asamsklla ) and undefiled 
dharmas. The Madhyamika says that Nirvana does not mean 
a change in the objective order, the change is only subjective. 
It is not the world that we have to change, but only ourselves 
If the kleias (defilements) and the santskl ta dharmas (condi¬ 
tioned existences) were ultimately real, no power on earth 
could change them. The change is in our outlook, it is a 
psychological transformation, not an ontological one Suzuki 
sums up the Madhyamika position about Nirvana in the 
following words “Theoretically, Nirvana is the dispersion of 
the clouds hovenng round the light of Bodhi Morally, it is the 
suppression of egoism and the awakening of love ( karund ). 
Religiously it is the absolute surrender of the self to the will of 
the Dhannakaya". (Ontimes of M. Buddhism, p 369) It may be 



( 29 ) 

added that onfcologically it u> the Absolute itself. "Nirvaija is 
not something which can be abandoned or acquired, neither a 
thing annihilated nor a thing eternal; it is neither destroyed 
nor produced”. (MK. 25, 3). No change can be effected in the 
Absolute or Reality. It is as it has always beeu. A change has 
to be effected only m ourselves. 

2. The Absolute and the Empirical, the Noumenon and 
the Phenomena, Nirvana *nd Samsdra are not two sets of 
separate realities set over against each other. The Absolute or 
Nirvana viewed through the thought-constructions ( vtkalpa) 
is sariisara, the world or samsura viewed sttb specie actrnilatis is 
the Absolute or Nirvana itself. 

It may be said in passing that much of the confusion 
regarding Nirvana is due to the fact that the same word 
Nirvana is used for the psychologicol change consequent on 
the extinction of craving and the sense of ego, and also for 
the ontological Reality or the Absolute. It should be borne 
m mind that Nagarjuna is using the word Nirvana throughout 
the twentyfifth chapter of the Madhyamaka kanka m the 
sense of the Absolute Reality and it is from this standpoint 
that his criticism has been levelled against the Hinayanist. 

3. Difference in Ideal 

The ideal of Hinayana is Arhatsbip oi Arhantship; the 
ideal of Mahayana is that of the Bodhisattva. To put it m 
simple English, the ideal of Hinayana is individual enlighten¬ 
ment, the ideal cf Mahayana is universal enlightenment. 

The word 'yana' is generally translated as way, path or 
vehicle. In his "Survey of Buddhism”, Bhikshn Sangbaraksita 
suggests 'career’ for 'yana*. Tms seems to be the best English 
equivalent for ‘yana’. 

There were three yarns known to Early Buddhism, viz., 
•Sravaka-yana, Pratyekabuddha-yana and Bodhisattva-yana 

Sr&vaka (Pah-Savaka) literally means 'hearer'. The name 
was given to the Disciple who having heard l e, learned the 



( 30 ) 


truth from the Buddha or any of Jus disoiplcs aims at 'Arhant- 
slnp Aihat or Arhant means the status of the holy man who 
has won enlightenment, The word 'Ariiat’ moans etymologi¬ 
cally 'worthy' Another meaning that is suggested in some 
Buddhist books is ‘one who has slam {Jian) the enemies {an) 
1. e the kleies 01 defilements. 

P> atyekabiiddha ( Fall, Poccekabuddha) is one who m ‘soli¬ 
tary singleness’, m independence of all external support, 
attains Arhatship, The woid 'pratyeka' means ‘private’ ‘indi¬ 
vidual*, ‘single’ ‘solitary*. He does not share with others his 
hard-won knoweledgc of the means for the attainment of 
Nirvana He believes that others too, driven by the stern 
reality of the miseries of life, may some day take to the holy 
path, but does not bother to teach or enlighten them. 

The above two adepts rcpicsent the ideal of individualism 
They consider enlightenment as an individual not a social or 
cosmic achievement 

The Bodhisattva (Pali, Bodhisatta) seeks supreme enlight¬ 
enment not for himself alone but for all sentient beings 
Bodhisattvayana has for its aim the attainment of Supreme 
Buddhahood. It is, therefore, also called the Buddhayana 
or Tatha.gataya.na The word 'bodin' means 'perfeot wisdom, 
supreme enbghtenmeut' The woid sattva' means 'essence' 
The word ‘bodhi’ is untianslatable. It is the reflex of the 
consciousness of Dhaimakaya m human beings A Bodhisat¬ 
tva is one who has tha essence or potentiality of perfect 
wisdom 01 supreme enlightenment, who is on the way to the 
attainment of perfect wisdou He is a potential Buddha His 
career lasts for aeons of births m each of ,which he prepares 
himself for final Buddhahood by the piactice of the six perfe¬ 
ctions and the stages of moral and spiritual discipline (dasa- 
bhUun) and lives a life of heroic stuggle and unremitting self- 
sacrifice for the good of all sentient cieatures 

Bodhisattva has m him bodln-cttta and pramdhunabale 
There are two aspects of bodht-ettta, viz prajiid (transcendental 



< 31 ) 


wisdom) and KarmtS (universal love). PrandhanabaU is 
the inflexible -resolve to save alb sentient creatures These 
are the three aspects of Dharmakiya (The Absolute Prwona- 
hzed) as reflected m the religious consciousness of Bodhi- 
sattva. Pr a] na is the highest expression of the cognitive 
side, koruna k the highest expression of the emotive side 
and pramdhdnabala is the highest expression of the volitional 
side of consciousness. Bodhisattva thus develops all the 
aspects of consciousness 

Bodicittais the most important characteristic of Bodhi¬ 
sattva On the basis of* Naganuna's 'Discourse on the Tran- 
scendentahty of the Bodhicitta, Suzuki gives a detailed 
description of bodhicitta in his Outlines of Mahuyana Buddhism 
It may be summarized thus ’ 


(1) The bodhicitta is free from all determmations-the five 
skandhas, the twelve fiyurawts and the eighteen dhulm. 
It ts not particular, but universal. 

(2) Love is the essence of the Bodhicitta, Therefore,, all 

Bodhisattvas find their laisoit d' etre in this. , 


(3) The lodiciHa abiding in the heart of sameness {safnatd) 
creates individual means of salvation {updya). 

The Bodhisattva has to pass through ten stages of deve¬ 
lopment (dasa bhiims ), viz. (1) pramirditri (delight) which he 
feels m passing from the narrow ideal of personal Nirvana to 
the higher ideal of emancipating all sentient creatures from 
the thraldom of ignorance ( 2 ) vimala negatively ‘freedom 
f om defilement', positively 'purity of heart* (3) prdbhdkari 
the penetrating insight into the impermanence of all things, 
{■*) aiasDiati In this the Bodhisattva practises passionlsse- 
ness and detachment and burns the twin coverings (avaranas} 
of defilement and ignorance (5) siidttrjayS —In this he develops 
sun>aiS-fhe spirit of sameness, and enlightenment by means. 
.,i mentation. ( 6 ), abhitfiuklfi or Face , to Face., In this the 
BodJoisattva stands face to f 9 .ee with,Reality. He realizes the 
sameness,of all phenomena^,(7) dwangamS. or fbe far-going. 



f 32 ) 

In this he acquires the knowledge that enables him to adopt 
any means for his work of salvation. He has won Nirvana, 
but without entering it, he is busily engaged for the emanci¬ 
pation of all (8) acala at the immovable*—In this, the 
Bodhisattva experiences the anutpatitka-dharma-ksanU or 
acquiescence in the unonginatedness of all phenomena. He 
knows m detail the evolution and involution of the nniverse. 
(9) Sadhumali —In this he acquires comprehensive knowledge, 
unfathomable by ordinary human intelligence He knows the 
desires and thoughts of men and is able to teach them accord¬ 
ing to their capacities, (10) dharmamagha. In this he acquires 
perfection of contemplation, knows the mystery of existence, 
and is consecrated as perfect. He attains Buddbahcod. 

The ideal of Hinayana was Arhatship or attainment of 
personal enlightenment. The ideal of Maha.ya.na was Bodhi- 
sattvayaua. Sravakayana and Pratyekabuddayana, according 
to Mahayana aimed at mere individual enlightenment which 
was a narrow ideal. Bdhisattvayana aimed at universal 
enlightenment. It was the destiny of every individual to 
become a Buddha. The Bodhisattva ideal of Mahayana was 
higher ( media). that of Hinayana was inferior (hina) 

The difference in the spiritual ideal of the two is expressed 
in yet another way. The ideal of Hinayana is NirvSna, the ideal 
of Mahayana is Buddhatva, the attornment of Buddhahood. 
The Mahayamst does not consider the attainment of Nirvana 
to be the highest ideal, but the attainment of Buddhatva i.e. 
■prajRa (transcendental insight) and kanujR (universal love) to 
be the hihest ideal. 

4. Difference regarding the means for the attainment of Nirvana 

The Hinayanist believes that by the realization of pndgala- 
nairohnya (not-self or unsubstantiality of the person), one 
could attain Nirvana 

The Mahayamst maintains that it is not only by the reali¬ 
zation of pudgala-natratmya, but also by the realization of 
dharma-natr/Umya (i.e. that all the’ dhafmas or elements of 



( S3 ) 


of their own) that one really attains ton Am. 

is mcatary lor the .<*,» 

raent of Nirvana. 


3. Difference regarding fhs nM^ J*to»3£ 

Closely connected with the above i* the question of the 


removal of the Avar anas. 

The Hinayanist says that man is unable to attain Nirvana, 
because Reality is hidden by the veil (Parana) of passions 
like attachment, aversion, delusion (klcsSiararta). The Klc&a- 
varana acts as an obstacle in the way of the realization of 
Nirvana. The kUSavarana has, theiefoie, to be removed before 
one can attain Nirvana. The Kfe&ts, however, depend for their 
activity on the belief of an identical personal sell (salkSyadfsh). 
It is only by realizing pudgalanairdtmya ie. the non-reality or 
unsubstantiality of a personal self that the Kle&as or the 
obstacles can be removed, and only when the klcias are remo¬ 
ved can Nirvana be attained. The removal of Khsuvarana is 
thus connected with the realization of pudgalanairalmya. The 
Hinayanist considers the removal of Kleiavarana alone as 
sufficient for the attainment of Nirvana. 


The Mahayamst says that Reality is veiled not only by 
Rhiavarana but also by jiieyavaraya or the veil that hides true 
knowledge. The removal, therefore, of jiieyavarana is also 
necessary. This is possible by the realization of dhattnamird- 
tmya or dhannafunyats, the egolessness and emptiness of all 
elements of existence. 


Just as the removal of kleSavarana is connected with the 
realization of pudgahuurShnya, so the removal of Jneyfrarana 
is connected with the realization of dharmamvratmya 

The Mahayamst maintains that Hie removal of AfcS&weiw 
alone is not sufficient for the attainment of full freedom'; tiie 
removal of fitygvaraya is also necessary. 



( 34 ) 


0 Di fference tn the Concept of Pharma 

The Hlnaj'.lmsts belies cd in certain ultimate reals, called 
dharmas. The word 'dJiarma' in tins tense is difficult to trans¬ 
late It is sometimes translated as 'things’ It should be borne 
in mind that dharmas .ire not 'things’ m the sense of the crude 
data of common sense, 'Elements of existence', ‘ultimate reals’- 
thr se <irc bettci translations of dharmas, Hinajana belli ves 
that the world is composed of an unceasing flow of certain ulh- 
wale dharmas which aic tinipli, momi ntary and impersonal 
Most of them are Sawskita f dharmas with signs), and some are 
acamrkrta (dharmas without signs). 

Accoidlllgto Mahavana, these dhatinas are not ultimate 
realities at all, bnt only mental ranstiucts Mnhay.liia pointed 
out tbat even the so-called ultimate satiishrta and asamshrla 
dharmas are dependent upon conditions and so lelative Being 
relative, they arc ifinya (devoid of reality) 

7. Difference in the concept of Buddhology 

The rtlpakTiya of the Bubdha was simply the visible physical 
body. Neither Hfnayana mor Mahavana accepted this as the 
real Buddha 

Earlier Buddhism had also developed the idea of mrmfina- 
lihya which was a fictitious body which the Buddha could 
assnme by Ins yogic power whenever he liked and by means of 
which he could appear anywhere There is no difference of 
view regarding this body also between the Hinayanist and the 
Modhyamika. 

The difference lies m the concept of the dharma-kaya of the 
Bnddha The highest conception regarding the dhartnak&ya 
reached by Hlnaj’una was that it was the sum total of the 
qualities {dharmas) of the Bnddha When a follower takes 
refuge m the Buddha it is in this Buddha-nature that be takes 
refuge. He does not take refnge in Gautama Buddha who is 
dead and gone. 





{ 35' ) 

The Madhyamika developed the concept of dharmak&ya in a 
different way. 

The concept of sambltoga-kaya was the contribution of the 
Yogacarins. We shall study the concept of these kuyas under 
a separate heading. 

S. Hinaya na was intellectual, Mah&yana devotional also 

Hinayana was entuely intellectual. The main concern of 
the Hinayanist was to follow the eight-fold path chalked out 
by the Buddha. In Hinayana, it was the human aspect of the 
Buddha which was emphasized 

In Mahayana, Buddha was taken as God, as Supreme 
Reality itself that had descended on the earth in human form 
for the good of mankind The concept of God in Buddhism 
was never as a creator but as Divine Love that out of com- 
passsion embodied itself in human form to uplift suffering 
humanity. He was worshipped with fervent devotion. The 
devotion of the Mahayanist gave rise to the art of sculpture 
and painting. Beautiful statues of the Buddha were carved 
out, and excellent imaginative pictures representing him and 
the various aspects of his life were painted Mah3.ya.na main¬ 
tained that the arduous path of prajiia (transcendental wisdom) 
was meant only for the advanced few, for the average man it 
was devotion to the Buddha which would enable him to 
attain Nirvana. Buddha was worshipped m the form of 
AvalokiteSvara, Amitabha and the future Buddha, Maitreya 

9 Hinayana pluralistic, Mahay Una non-Auatistic 

t 

The philosophy of Hinayana was one of radical pluialism, 
that of Mah3.ya.na was undiluted non-duahsm. 

10. Hinayana rationalistic, Mahay&na mystic 

The approach to truth adopted by Hinayana was one of 
mystically-tinged rationalism, that adopted by Mahayana was 
one of super-rationalism and profound mysticism. 



( 36 ) 


Main Features of \ladh\ aniika Philosophy 
(I) Stin ya-SCnyatg 

The most striking (catare of Madhvamaka phtlospliy is its 
ever-recumng-use of Oinya and ilinyata So central is this idea 
to the «.j stem that it is generally known as ifmyai'Bia i c., 
th< philosophy that asserts £<iuya as the characterization of 
Reality 

iiiiiya is a most peiphxing word in Buddhist philosophy, 
X<>n-Buddlii«ts ha\c interpreted it onlj* as nihilism. But that 
is not what it means 

Etymologically it is derived from the root 'hi' which 
means 'to swell, to expand*. Curiously enough, the word 
Brahman is derived from the root ‘brh* or 'brnh' w Inch also 
means 'to swcII,to expand'. The Buddha is said to be seated 
in Siinya lattvn’, m the iunya p-inciple’. The word 'hiniti 
S'ems to have been used in an ontologxal sr ns.< m ■■nrh con- 
t« xts The implication of th<* ctvmolozital si?nth<ati>in of tin- 
word docs not seem to have bicn fully worked out. 

According to some scholars the word 'iunya’ has no ontolo¬ 
gical signification. It has only a soltriological suggestion 
But the word siinya has obuouslv be< n used also m <m ontolo¬ 
gical sense with an axiological overtone and ‘•o'eriologital 
background 

In tlie ontological sense’ ittnya is the void which is also 
fulness Because it is nothing in particular, it has 1h* possi¬ 
bility of every thing It has been idcnti'icd with Nirvana, 
with the Absolute, with Paramartha-sat (the Supreme Reality), 
with Tatlva (Reality). Wliat is the suuya-latha 3 This is what 
Xagarjuna lias to say 

Aparapralyayahi son 'am prapaiicatr aprapaiicilam 
Nirvikalpam anfinartham ctat tallvasya laksanam 

(M. K , IS, 9) 

(I) It is 'aparapratyayam’. It is that experience which 
cannot be imparted ta any one by another. It has to be reali¬ 
zed by even' one for himself. 




( 37 ) 

(2) It is isntam It is quiescent, unaffected by the 
empirical mind. 

(3) It is prapancair aprapanmiam i. c inexpressible by the 
verbalising mind. It is non-de-tcrminatc. , 

(4) It is itirvikalpam i. e it is transcendent to discuisivc 
thought. 

(5) It is an&nurtham. It is non-dual. 

SUnyata is an abstract noun derived from iunja. It means 
deprivation and suggests fulfilment. 

The words a and Siiuyafo will best be undorsood in 
connexion with svabhSva SvabhSva literally means 'own 
being’. Candrakfrti says that this word has been used m 
Buddhist philosophy in two ways : 

1. The essence or special property of a thing, e g.’ ‘heat 
is the s abhava or special property of fire’. Ihyo dharmo yam 
pad&rtham na vyabJncarali, sa lasya svabhSva i ft vyapadUyaie, 
aparpraUbaddhaltvW’ i. e "In this world an attribute which 
always accompanies an object, never parts from it, that, not 
being indissolubly connected with any thing else, is known as 
the svabh&va or special property of that object" (PP. 105) 

2. SvabhSva (own-being) as the contrary of parabhava (other- 
being). Candrakirti says, "svo bhavah svabhSva iti yasya pad&r- 
thasya yadatmiyam ruparn tat lasya svahhava ili ” (P. P p. 1151 
’‘SvabhSva is the own-being, the very nature of a thing". 
Nagarjuna says akffnmah svabhSvo hi nirapeksah paralra ca 
(M. K. 15, 2) " That is really 'wabha.va which is not brought 
about by anything else, unproduced {akntrimah), that which 
is not dependent on. nit relative to any thing other than 
itself, non-contingent, nnconditioned ( mrapeksah patalra ca)”. 

The Madhyamika rejects the first meaning of svabh&va and 
accepts only the second. Candialcirfi says dually "krtrimasya 
paras&pek$asya ca svabhavalvam nestant’. We do not accept 
that as svabhSva which is brought about by, contingent on, 
relative to something else". The first sense is not acceptable. 



( 38 ) 


for even the so-called saabhuva or essential property of a thing 
is hiinma and sdpeksa, contingent and relative. Even the 
heat which is the special property of fire depends on so many 
conditions—a match, or a lens, fuel, 01 the friction of two 
pieces of wood. It is, therefore, not svabhava in the highest 
sense of the word. In one word svabhava is the Absolute 
reality, whereas everything else, all phcnomen a are parabhava 
(relative). 

The word Sfiiiyn has to be understood from two points of 
view, viz (1) from the point of view of phenomena or empiri¬ 
cal reality, it means svabhava siittya i e. devoid of svabhava or 
independent, substantia] reality of its own, (2) from the point 
of view of the Absolute, it means prapafica-iiinya i e. devoid 
of prapahca or verbalisation, thought-construction and 
plui ahty 

(i) We shall consider the wot d Sunya m its first significat¬ 
ion at first We have discussed the word svabh&va at length 
so that we may be able to understand clearly the woid ianya 
when used in connexion with phenomenal leality or with 
dhamtas (elements of existence) In this context iunya invari¬ 
ably means svabhava-iwnya, i e empty or devoid of indepen¬ 
dent, substantial reality There is not a single thing in the 
world which is unconditionally, absolutely real Everything 
is related to, contingent upon, conditoued by something else. 
The long discussion of causah f y or pratitya-samntpSda in 
Madhyamaka Sistra is only meant to show that not a single 
thing in the world exists m its own right, nothing has an 
independent reality of its own Every thing is conditioned by 
something ( praMyasamtupanna). The world is not Reality 
it is a realm of relativity That is why Nagarjuna says "yah 
pratityasamutpadah siinyalam torn pracaksmahe" There is no 
real production there is only manifestation of a thing contm 
gent on causes and conditions It is this condiuoned co-produ- 
ction that we designate as Sunyata" There is no real causal 
relation between entities, there is only mutual dependence bet- 



{ 39 ) 


ween entittics which means in other words that entities are 
devoid of independent self-hood ist'abhava). Causal relation, 
therefore, does not mean a sequence of realities but only a 
sequence of appearances Every thing in the world is depen¬ 
dent upon the sum-total of its conditions Things are merely 
appearances. Hence ptalilya-samufpSda is equated with sfmyala. 
or relativity. The world is not a conglomeration of things. 
It is simply pro-cess, and things are simply events. A 'thing' 
by itself is 'nothing' at all This is what is meant by the 
Sunyala. or emptiness of all dharmas. 

( 11 ) Now let us see what Sfinyu/a means-from the stand¬ 
point of the Absolute From the standpoint of the Absolute, 
ifmyattL means 'prapaiicatr aprapailcttam’ that which is devoid 
of, completely free of thought-construction, aim&rtl&m, that 
which is devoid of plurality In other words, silnyaia. as 
applied to taltva signifies that it is 

(i) m-expressible in human language. 

(ri) that 'is', 'not is', 'both is’ and 'not is’, 'neither is’ nor 
'not is'—no thought-category or predicate can be 
applied to it. Is is transcendent to thought. 

(in) that it is free of plurality, that it [is a Whole which 
cannot be sundered into parts 

Axiological significance of Suilyala. 

gfitijrafS is not merely a word of ontological signification. 
It has also an axiological implication. Since all empirical things 
are devoid of substantial reality, therefore they are 'worth¬ 
less' It is because of our ignorance that we attach so much 
value to worldly things. Once 3S properly unders¬ 

tood, the inordinate craving for the mad rush after a thing 
that 

'lake snow upon the Desert's dusty face . 

Lighting a little hour or two-is gone’ 
ceases, and we experience the blessing of peace 



( 40 ) 

SoUridogical sig n ificance of Sa nyatS 

i§u nyaia. is not merely an intellectual concept Its realiza¬ 
tion is a means in salvation. When rightly grasped, it leads 
to the negation of ths multiplicty of the iharmas and to deta¬ 
chment from the 'passing show' of the tempting things of 
life. Meditation on Sanyafe. leads to prajfia. (trancsccndental 
wisdom) which brings about the emancipation of the aspirant 
from spiritual darkness. Xagarjuna puts the quintessence of 
his teachings about Sunyala m tbe following verse ; 

" Karmaklesa-ksayun-moksah, karmaUeia mkalpatah 
Tc prapancSt prapancaslit iitnyatSySm mrudhyaU" 

( M. K. 18.5 ; 

"Emancipation is obtained by the dissolution of selfish 
deeds and passions. All sclfsh deeds and passions are caused 
by imaginative constructs which value worthless things are 
full of worth. The vtkalpas or imaginative constructs are 
bom of prapafica, the verbalizing, imaging activity of tbe 
mind. This activity of the mind ceases when Sftnyal a, empti- 
nesss or hollowhess of things is realized." 

Siinya as the symbol oj the inexpressible 

Sanya is used in Madhyamaka philosophy as a symbol of 
the weTpiessible In calling Reality Hinya, tbe Madhyamika 
only means to say that it is avacya, anabliil&pja i e inexpre¬ 
ssible In the very first verse of Madhyamaka Karika, Nagar- 
juna makes the standpoint of Suuyavada luminously promi¬ 
nent. The standpoint consists of the eight ’Nos' 

“Amrodham anutpSdam anttcchedam aiaSvalam 
Aitekartham ananSrlliam anagamam amrgamam” 

It is (1) anirodham, beyond destruction (2) anutpadam- 
beyond production (3) anttechedam-beyond dissolution (4) aSS- 
ivatam- beyond eternity, (5) auek&rtham-beyond oneness, 
l6) anSnSrthatn-b eyond plurality (7) an&gamam- beyond ingress 
(8)amrgamam~beyond egress. 



( 41 ) 

■ In short, Reality is bcyona the dichotomies of the mte- 
lect. It is inexpressible. The word 'ifinya’ (or Sunyata) has 
been used in this system, now and then, as indicative of mee- 
xpi essibihty [avdeya avyiiftr(a). 

SfinyaUi-nol a theory 

We have seen that the Madhyamika uses the dialectic as a 
cyiticism of all droits (theories) without any theory of his own. 
By the use of his dialectic, he reaches the conclusion that all 
the dlut> was are ifinya or mssoabhSva i e. devoid of any 
independent, substantial reality 

It may be thought that sHvyata itself is a theory. But 
this would be a misreading of the M.ulhyamika's position. 
Sunyatd is not a theory. It is at once the awarenss of the 
impotence of Reason to realize Tiuth and the urge to use to 
a level higher than Reason in older to realize it. When the 
thmkei lets go his foothold on discussive thought, it is only 
then that he can mount to something higher. 

The purpose of iUnyata is beautifully put by Nagat]una in 
the following verse 

"Aira br&mah S&nyatdy&m na tvam vets* prayojanam 
SttnyatSm imiyaUirtham ca tat eoam mhanyase " 

(M. K. 24, 7) 

•‘You do not know the purpose of iiinyats. iunyatu, is 
not used as a theory just for the sake of ifi«y«tfi". In explain¬ 
ing the purpose of iuuyald CandrakirU says that it is meant 
to silence the incessant cogitation of the verbalizing mind 
(praponcasiu sanyat&ydm mrudhyate). Sunyota is taught .not for 
its own sake, but for leading the mind to Reality by restrain¬ 
ing its conceptualizing tendency It is an expression of 
aspiration, not of theory. 

Sdityrld —»-< nihilism 

It is contended by some that sxtnyata is sheer negativism. 
It denounces' everything and' has no positive suggestion to 
' offer.' '&inyat& does not lead us anyhhere. It is rank nihilism. 



( 42 ) 

The Madhjsirak dialectic leading to is not mere 

negativism. It does not simply negate all affirmations about 
Reality, it also negates all negations about Reality. It says 
Reality is neither sal (existent) nor asat (non-existent). It 
oniy asserts that the Absolute is inaccessible to thought; it 
does not say that the Absolute is a non-entity. It only main¬ 
tains that the Absolute is realised m non-dual, transcendental 
wisdom. It vehemently pleads for the realization of the 
absolute Truth. Nagarjuna says "paramartham anagamya 
mrvanam nadhigamyatc" i e., "without realizing the absolute 
Truth, one cannot attain Nirvana". 

The Madhyamika only negates all views about Reality; it 
does not negate Reality itself. It cannot, therefore, be called 
nihilism As Dr. Murti puts it "No-doctrine,—about—Reality 
does not mean no—Reality doctrine”. “Sfinyola is negative 
only for thought, but in itself it is the non-relational know¬ 
ledge of the Absolute. It may even be taken as more universal 
and positive than affirmation” (CPB, p. 1601. 

Candrakfnti vehemently protests against the Madhyamika 
being called nihilist (nGstika). He says that the Madhyamika 
oniy points to the relativity or things, and that his doctrine 
transcends both affirmation and negation (P. P. p. 156-157). 

&unyatd-not an end In itse lf 

Nagarjuna warns that one shonld not make a fetish of 
Sunyata. It is not an end in itself. It is only a means to 
lead the mind up to prajfta (transcendental insight), and 
should not be bolstered up as an end in itself. The following 
verse of Nagarjuna expresses this idea beautifully. 

•Vjfin yal& sarvadrstinam prokts, uthsaranam pnath. 

Yeiam lu lUnyaia drsHstan asSdUydn babhOstre" 

(M. K. 13, 8) 

"&Hnyata was declared by the Buddha for dispensing 
' with all views or 'isms'. Those who convert &B,nyat& itself 
into another 'ism' are verily beyond hope or help” 



( 43 ) 


Candrakirti in commenting o 1 tin above refers to a remark 
of the Buddha about Sunyata made to KaSyapa. The Buddha 
said to him "O ICafiyap, it would be better to entertain the 
personalistic view {jmdgala drsti) of the magnitude of mount 
Sumeru than to hug the S UnyatS, view of the nihilist {ahhdvah- 
himveiikasya). Him I call incurable who clings to &unya‘u 
itself as a theory. If a diug administered to a patient were 
to remove all his disorders but were to foul the stomach 
itself by lemammg in it, would you call the patient cured ? 
Even so, Sdnyatd is an antidote against dogmatic views, 
but if a man were to cling to it foi ever as a view in itself, 
he is doomed.” 

Elsewhere Buddha is said to have remarked that itunyalu 
is to be tieatcd like a laddei foi mounting up to the touf of 
prajnu. Once the roof is reached, the laddei should be 
discarded 

Nagarjuna, again warns unequivocally m the following 
verse, against the wrong use of idnyatd. 

“Villainyah dur disla sUnyatd mandamedhasato 
Sarpo yathd durgrhito vidya vd dusprasddhita ’ 

lM K. 24, 11) 

"Just as a snake caught at the wrong end by a dull-witted 
fellow only kills him or a magic wrongly employed rums the 
magician, so too Sunyatd wrongly used by a man who does not 
understand its implications only rums him”. 

Meditation on itlnyatfi 

It has already been said tnat iunyata is not simply an 
intellectual eoncept but an aspiration. In order to perfect 
this aspiration, one has to meditate on twenty varieties of 
idnyata. They are too long to be given here 

2, Pfajfiaparamita 

The second important feature of Mahayana Buddhism is 
the practice of prajn&paramita. 



< 44 ) 

Meditation on tlu sunyata (emptiness) is only a preparation 
ior the spiritual discipline of prajfi&paramita Prajfia is super- 
rational. It is transcendent insight. Prajfia knows reality as 
it is (prajfifi yaihCibhutam arlham prajunfiti). The main aim is 
to acquire prajfia It is only by attaining prajfia that we can 
know Truth. Prajfifi cannot be attained by the chattering 
academician'sickbed over with the pale cast of thought', nor 
can it be attained simply by putting on the wishing cap It 
can be attained only by arduous sclf-disciphnc and sclf-cultuic. 
Ptajiiaparamtta is usually translated as perfection of wisdom, 
but it really means 'transcendent wisdom' (prajui pfiram+tlfi). 

There arc six spiritual qualities that have to be acquired 
Prajnaparamita is a blanket term for all these qualities. They 
are 1. dona (charity), 2. sila (withdrawing from all evil deeds) 
3 ks&ntt (forbearance) 4 virya (enthusiasm and exertion) 5 
dhyfina (concentration) 6 piajfifi (transcendental insight). The 
first four are moral qualities. Their development prepares one 
for the piactice of dhyanfi Dhyfina orients the mind towards 
prjafia After sufficient practice of dhyfina, scales fall from 
the eyes, and one sees truth face to face fyipasyanii), the 
chrysalis of the ego is split asunder, and one sees 'the light 
that never was on sea or land' : 

3 The Ideal of the Bodht saliva 

It has aheadv been ‘•aid m connexion villi the distinction 
between Hfnavana and Maliaynna that the attainment of the 
status of the Bodhisattva is the ideal of Mahaya.ua The 
aspiianf evolves to the status of a Bodhisattva by aun/laia 
pfijfi—a devotional discipline consisting of seven steps, and 
the practice of the six prajfinpilramttas The highest develop¬ 
ment of the Bodhisittva consists in acquiring hodlneilla which 
has two aspects, vir. (1) /Sttnyalff or prajfia and (2) Kauni" 
We has e already seen whit ittnyata or prajfia is Karima is 
usually translated as compassion or commiseration, but it is 
better to translate it as universal love as Suzuki has done. 




( 4ft ) 

ProjiiS, or transcendent wiad >m and I^uruuaoi u'UvcisaI love 
constitute Buddhahood. 

d Buddhology 

In Hlnayana, tlic Buddha was simply a human being who 
by his own effort became enlightened and divine. In Mahayati i, 
it is Divinity itself that incarnates itself m a Buddha and 
descends to earth to impait the lushest teaching about man's 
destiny as an act of grace. 

Mahay an a evolved the concept of thiec bodies of the 
Buddha, vis (1) Nirmava-kftya (2) Dharma-!Sya and (3) 
Sambhoga-kiiya The Sambhoga-kaya or the bodv of bliss was 
a concept evoh cd later by the Yogacanns The M'ldhvamiUas 
speak only of two bodies of the Buddha, viz. Vharma fuiya 
and Kirmfina-knya. 

Dharma is a most protean word in Buddhism In the 
broadest sense it means an impersonal spiritual energy behind 
and in every thing Theie are foui important senses in which 
this word has been used m Buddhist philosophy and leligion 

(1) Dharma in the sense of one ultimate Reality It is both 
transcendent and immanent to the woild, and also the govern¬ 
ing law within it 

(2) Dharma in the sense of scnpture, Doctnne, Religion, 
as the Buddhist dhaima 

(3) Dhaima m the sense of ilghteousness, virtue. 

(4) Dharma m the sense of "elements of exiitciice". In 
this sense, it is generally used m plural 

Dharma in the wmd Dharua-kaya is used m the fir-t sense, 
viz. ultimate Reality. The word kuya in this context is not 
used in the literal sense of body, but in the sense of asiaya oi 
substratum, m the sense of unity, organised form Dharma-kava 
means - ‘the principle -of cosmic unity' It is not meiely an 
abstract philosophical concept, but an 'object of the religious 
consciousness'. ' 



( 40 ) 


Dharmakfiya 

Dharma or dhartnata js the essence o/ being, the ultimate 
Reality, the Absolute. The Dharmakfiya is the essential nature 
of the Buddha. As Dharmakaya, the Buddha experiences his 
identity with Dharmata or the Absolute and his unity (sama'a) 
with all beings. The Dharmakaya is a knowing, loving, will¬ 
ing being, an inexhaustible fountam-licad of love and com¬ 
passion. ‘ ■ 

When Buddha's disciple, the monk Vakkali was on his 
death-bed, lie expressed his ardent desire to see the Buddha 
m person. On that occasion, the Buddha remarked "He who 
sees the Dhamma sees Me. He who secs Me sees the Dlurnma" 
This statement of the Buddha gave rise to the conviction that 
the 1 cal Buddha was the Dharma, not the historical Gautama 
known as the Buddha, and thus the idea of Dharmakfiya was 
developed. The Mahasanghikas conceived of Buddha as 
lokotiara or Dharmakfiya (transcendental) and Sakyamum only 
as Ntrmanak&ya or a phantom body conjured up by the Dhar¬ 
makaya for bringing the message of Dharma to ignorant 
humanity 

Dharmakfiya is the essential transcendental aspect of the 
Buddha. Dharmata is the ultimate impersonal principle 
Dharmekaya is the ultimate universal person. There is a 
slight resemblance between the Brahman and livara of Vedanta 
and Dharmala and Dharmakaya of the Modhyamika. 
Dharmata is like the Vedantic Brahman and Dharmakfiya is 
something like the Vedantic livara, but there is also a good 
deal of difference between the two. In Vedanta, livara in 
association with Mfiyfi creates, sustains and withdraws the 
universe Dharmakfiya has no such function The function of 
Dharmakfiya is to descend out of his deep wisdom and love, 
to earth as a Buddha in order to teach the Dharma and uplift 
erring humanity. He is Divine and yet not God. for in 
every system the function of creation of the universe is 
associated with God. Buddhism dees not believe in any such 



( 47 ) 

God. &uzuki puts the idea of God in Buddhism in the fol¬ 
lowing words. “Buddbnm must not be judged as an atheism 
which endorses an agnostic, materialistic interpretation of 
the universe. Far from it. Buddhism outspokenly acknow¬ 
ledges the presence in the world of a reality which transcends 
the limitations of phenomcnality, but which is nevertheless 
lmmanant everywhere and manifests itself in its full glory, 
and in which we live, and move and have our being” (Out¬ 
lines of Mahayana Buddhism P. 219) 

Dharmakaya is identified with the Absolute and is also con¬ 
nected with the phenomenal Therefore it is Dharmakaya 
alone that can descend to earth as the saviour of mankind. 

Whenever Dharmakaya decides to come down to earth in 
human form, He conjures up a phantom body called Nirniana- 
kayd N\n> anakdya is the body assumed by Dharmakdya 
whenever he decides to come down to earth to save mankind 
It is through this that He incarnates in a human form, as a 
Buddha, as the saviour of mankind. The actual physical body 
of the Buddha is the R&pakdya. It will thus be seen that 
Buddhisn is not an historical religion like official Christianity. 
The Buddha is not the founder of a religion. He only trans¬ 
mits Dharma which is eternal, There have been many Buddhas 
before, and there will be many Buddhas in the future. 

When a Buddhist takes refuge in the Buddha, it is the 
eternal Dharmakaya Budddka ia whom he takes refuge. 

Nirm&nakaya 

It has already been said that Nimauak&ya is a body 
assumed by the Buddha in order to establish contact with the 
world in a human form. Dharmak&ya is also known as 
SvabhSmka ksya or the essential, natural kaya of the Buddha. 
The Nxrma.naka.ya is assumed for the time being for a specific 
purpose. The Rupakaya or the actual physical body of the 
Buddha is visible to every one The Ntrmdyakaya is visible 
only to adepts. 



( 4S ) 

S ipnijicai cc of the Concept of Madhvamd Prattpad 

The Buddha u«cd to sav that Truth did not hem the 
extreme alternatives hut in the middle position ( madhyamd 
prahpad). HSnajCinists gcnernll}’ used the roncept of niadjiyauij. 
prahpad m the ethical sense, in the sense of ncilht r taking 
roo muoh food nor too little, ucithci sleeping too much, nor 
too little etc. 

The Mldhj amihas interpreted tnadhyanui pratipad m a 
mefaphjsieal sense Snjs S,lg'ujiin.i 

•‘KfuySyavAvnrTide rus/i/: nastlh cdbhayam 
Prahs.ddham bhagavatTi bli7x\ihh\ua‘, ibhavttia" 

lM K 15,7) 

"In the ldfyj.yati*vavH-‘!iitra, 7he Lord who had the right 
insight into both 5 /j.uij fens) and ahhTvoa t non-ens) rejected 
both tlie extreme altarn.itives of 'is' and 'is not” . 

In commenting on this, Candrakutt has quoted the relevant 
passage m tin* JCdiyayanfvnavidi-sutra which is accepted as an 
authority bv all the Buddhists In this, Buddha sayg to 
KoSyapa "O KKyapa, Ms’ is one cMiemc alternative, 'not i~’ 
is another extreme alt< rnative That which is the madkyama 
position is intangible, incomparable, without any position, 
non-appearing, incomprehensible That is what is meant by 
maiijama. pratipat (the middle position) O Kuyapa It is 
perception of Re.ilitv ( hhiita pratyaveksa)” (P. p p. 118/ 
Xagaijuna takes his stand on tins authoritative statement of 
the Buddha The word inaihyania is not to be taken m its 
literal seusc of Mn beaween’ or a ‘mean between the two'. As 
is clear from the adjectives ‘intangible, incomparable, incom¬ 
prehensible etc, madkyama pratiyat (the middle position) 
means that Reality is transcendent to the antinomies of 
Reason, the dichotomies of thought, and cannot be 'cabined, 
caged and confined’ in the alternatives of Ms' and Ms not' It 
is on this basis that Xagarjuna called his philosophy madhya- 
waka i e pertaining to the transcendent'. 



( 49 ) 


The Absolute and Phenomena 

There aie many words used for the Absolute or Reality in 
Madhyamaka philosophy. Tathala (suchness) iUnyatS, nirvana, 
advaya (non-dual), anut-panna (unproduced), ntrvtkalpa (the 
realm of non-discrimination), dharmaia (the essence of being, 
the true natuie of Dharma), andbhttapya (the inexpressible 
tatha (thatness) nisprapaiica (free of verbalisation and plura- 
lity), yathdbhuta (that which really is) Satya (Truth, bhftia- 
tathata or bhutata (the true icality), tathagala-garbha (the womb 
of Tathagatas), apafapralyaya (reality wliich one must realize 
within oneself), Dharmakaya etc. Each word is used from a 
particular standpoint. 

Throughout the Madhyamaka Sastra, Nagarjuna has been 
at pains to prove that the Absolute is transcendent to both 
thought and speech. Neither the concept of bhava (ens) nor 
abhava (non-ens) is applicable to it. Nagarjuna advances the 
following reason for the inapplicability of these concepts. 

"BkOoastaval tta nirvanam jaramaranatak§anam 
Prasajyetssti bhava In na jar&maranam v»ia“ 

(M It. 25, 4) 

“Nirvana or the Absolute Reality cannot be a bhava or posi¬ 
tive ens, for in that case it would be subject to origination, 
decay, and death; there is no empirical existence wh’ch is free 
from decay and death. If it cannot be bhava, far less can it be 
abhava , (non-existcnce), for abh&va (non-existonce) is only a 
relative concept (absence of bhava) depending upon the con¬ 
cept of bhdva". As Nagarjuna puts it 

“Bhdvasya cedaprasidihtrdbhavo natoa stddhyah 
Byavasya hyanyathabhdvam abhdvam bruvate janah‘ > 

’. (M.’ It 15^5) 

“When bhava itself is proved to be inapplicable to Reality, 
abhava cannot stand scrutiny, for abhava is known only as the 
disapperance of bhava", s ■ 



( 50 ) 

When the concepts of bhava ( empirical existence ), and 
abhava (the negation of bhava) cannot be applied to the 
Absolute, the question of applying any other concept to it 
does not arise, for all other concepts depend upon the above 
two. In one word, the Absolute is transcendent to thought, 
and because it is transcendent to thought, it is inexpressible. 

"Ntvillamabhidhalauyam ntvflte cittagocare. 

A ntupaMidmruddhb hi nirvanamiva dharmata" 

" What cannot be an object of thought cannot, a forhon, 
betan object of speech The Absolute as the essence of all 
being is neither born, nor does it cease to be" 

Candrakirti says " Paratnartho hi StySffSm tttsniiitbh&vah 
(P P p. 19) "To the saints, the Absolute is just silence i e. it 
is iliexpressible". 

Phenomena have no independent, substantial reality of 
their own. Relativity or dependence is the mam characteristic 
of phenomena, and that which Is relative is not real in the 
highest sense of the word. The Absolute is the Reality of the 
appearances. 

The Absolute and the world are not two different sets of 
of reality posited against each other. Phenomena viewed as 
relative, as governed by causes and conditions constitute the 
world, and viewed as free of all conditions are the Absolute. 
The Absolute is always of uniform nature Nirvana or the 
Absolute Reality is not something produced or achieved. 
Nirvana only means the disappeamce of the fabrications of 
discursive thought. 

If the Absolute is beyond all thought and speech, how can 
the Absolute be described, how can there be any teaching 
about the Absolute ? The answer is—Phenomena do not 
completely cut us off from Reality. Phenomena are appear- 
■ances, and appearances pomt to their Reality. The veil gives 
a hint of that which is veiled. > 



( 51 ) 

Condrakirti quotes a saying of the Buddha, 

"Anak$arasya dkannasya iruiih ka deianS ca ka 
S ruyate de&yate c&pi samdropSdanaksarali” 

"How can there be any understanding or teaching of that 
which is wordless (i e. inexpressible) ? That can be under- 
stood and taught only by samaropa-an ascribed mark." Pheno r 
mena serve as the 'ascribed mark’ of Reality. Phenomena 
are like an envelope that contains within it an invitation from 
Reality. The superimposed character ( satnSropa) of pheno¬ 
mena veils the noumenon; when that superimposed character 
is uncovered, when the veil is removed., it only reveals 
Reality. The philosophy of § Unyata is meant only to help 
uncover the veil. 

SaworH and Paramariha satva 

Are phenomena wholly unreal ? Nagarjuna says they have 
reality of a sort They are samvrti satya ; they are the appea- 
tance of Reality. Appearance points to that which appears. 
Samvrti is appearance, cover or veil Samvrli or cover i£ not 
a mere gossamer floating about in vacuo, samvrit covers 
Paramaribo, (absolute reality). Nagarjuna says : 

"Dve satye samupSirilya buddhanam dharmadeianS 
Lokasamvrtisatyam ca salyam ca pai amarihatah" 

(M. K.24, 8) 

"The Buddhas teach the Dharma by resorting to two 
truths, samvrti- satya (empirical truth) and paramSrtha-salya- 
(absolute truth)." 

So important is the distinctions that Nagarjuna main tains 
that no one can understand the teaching of the Bud dha who 
does not know this distinction. 

* 

"Ye 3 nayonta vijBnanh vtbh&gam satyayordvayoh 
Tc tattvam na vifananH gambhiram Buddhaiasanc " 

(M. K. 24. 9) 

"Those who do not know the distinction between these 
two truths cannot understand the deep significance of the 
teaching of the Bnddlia". 



( 52 ) 


Candraklrti explains sautvrli in the following way * 
"Samatiladvaranam samvTlih . Ajilauam hi samantat-sarva 
padarthataUvdvacchSdanat samvrhrityitcyalc” 

(P- P. P» 21S) 

» 

VTJiat which covers all round is samvrlt, Samvrlt is ajiiuna 
(primal ignorance} which covers the real nature of all things’*. 
Phenomena aie characterized as samvilt, because they throw 
a veil ovei Reality, At the same time they serve as a pointer 
to'Reality as their ground. Samvilt-salya is vydvahdrika satya 
1 . e. pragmatic or empirical reality. Pat aindrtha-satya is abso¬ 
lute leahty. Two truths—Saniprh-aini paramurlha, however, do 
not connote two different spheres to which they ate applied. 
The Absolute comprehended through the categories of thought 
is phenomena and phenomena stripped of these categories are 
the Absolute. 


i, a Candrakirti mentions three senses of * samvrlt‘ 

,41) Samautat -sarvapadarthataUvavacchudaniil samvTlih 

(P. p p 215) 

11 »•; 

SajnvTti is that which covers all round the real nature bf 
things. Candrakirti calls it ajSiana (the primal lgnorancel. 
Samvrlt is due to ajhdiia or avtdyd and is identical with it It 
is the primal ignorance that throws a veil over Reality. 

(2) Para?parasa»ibhavaitam va samvrliranyonyasam&iTayena 
• ( P. p. p, 215) 

SaMvrti is mutual dependence of things ot their relativity. 
In l this sense, it is identical with phenomena 


(3) Samvrlth samketo lokavyavahSroh Sa ca 


>H .1* 

. d. 


(P. p. p. 215} 


What is conventionally accepted by people at large is samvri *. 

i 

A11_these senses are mutually connected The first one is 
tljp primary sense, but each of these senses has an importance 
fron^ the point of view of empirical leality. 

i} S£uijvrtior pragmatic .reality is the means (upSya) for 
reaching Reality which is the goal ( upeya ). Nagaijuna 



{ S3 ) 

•expressly mentions the importance of vyavahiirn or empirical 
reality in attaining param&rlha or absolute reality. Says he : 

Vymakaraman&iritya paramSrtho na dekyate 

ParamSrthamanSgamya Stm/humt nSdln gamy ate 

(M. K. 24. 10) 

"Without a recouise to piagmatic reality, the absolute truth 
-cannot be taught. Without knowing the absolute truth, nirvana 
cannot be attained " 

Commenting on this, Candrakirtl says . 

'"Tasm&t mrvanadhigamopdyalvat avaiyamevayalhdvaslhita 

samvrtih ad.ave.va abhyupeya bhajanatn iva saHldrttiina” 

(P P. P. 216) 

"Therefore, masmnehas saiinnti as characterized vs a means 
lor the attainment of Nirvana, it should, be adopted, just as 
a pot is to bo used by one desirous of water". Samvrli is upaya 
(means), paramSrtha is upeya (goal), 

(1 There are two kinds of samvrli —(i) loka-samvrti and (n) aloka 
samvrti. (1) Loka samvrli refers to the common empirical objects 
Tecognized as real by all as, for example, ajar, a piece of clqth 
etc, (ii) Aloka samvrti refers to objects experienced under 
abnormal oonditions. Illusory objects, dist rted perceptions 
caused by diseased' or defective sense-mgans,' clream objects 
etc. are cases of aloka samvrti These are aloka samvrli— 
non- empirical, for they are unreal even for the’ empirical 
consciousness. 

Prajnakaramati has designated loka samvrti as tathya samvrli 
(true samvrti) and aloka samvTh as mithya samvrti (false samvrti) 
The former is like the vyaaah&rika salts, and the latter like the 
prfitibhssika set's of the Vedantists—Just as aloka samvrtt is 
unreal for the empirical consciousness, even so loka samvrli is 
unreal from the transcendental point of view. Samvrli is 
called satya (true or real) by courtesy, for there cannot be 
•degrees in Truth. Paramartha. or the Absolute Reality alone is 
truly real. 



'< 54 ) 


The texts’ or teachings of the Buddha bearing on paramer~ 
Uta salya or the Absolute Reality are called vUGrtha (primary or 
direct) and those bearing on S amvflt salya are called neySrtha 
(secondary, indirect) by the Madhyamika. 

( 

TathatS—Tathagala 

, We have seen that dharmatS or tathata is the word used in 
Madhyamaka philosophy for the Absolute Candrakirti says, 
"Yd sd dharm&nUm dharmatS noma satva tatsvariipam" (P. P. p. 
116). "That which is the essential being of all elements of 
existence is the nature of Reality". It is tathata, it is Reality 
such as it is In the words of Bradley, we can only say that it 
is, not what it is. According to Candrakirti— "tathsbhavo'mks- 
nlvatn sadaiva sthGyita" (P P. p. 116) "The thatncss of Real¬ 
ity consists in its invariability, in its remaining for ever as it is” 
Tathata is the Truth, but it is im personal. In order to reveal- 
itself, it requires a medium. Tathagata is that medium. Tatha- 
gata is the epiphany of Reality. He is Reabty personalized. 
Tathagata is an amphibious being partaking both of the 
Absolute and phenomena He is identical with Tathata, but 
embodied m a human form. That is why Tathata is also called 
Tathagatagarbha (the womb of Tathagata) 

The word Tathagata* is interpreted as talha+gata or taiha-t- 
dgata i. e. 'thus gone' or 'thus come’ l. e. as the previous Bud¬ 
dhas have come and gone. This, however, does not throw much 
light on the concept of Tathagata. There is one verse in the 
Hahabharata which, it seems to me, removes completely the- 
obscurity surrounding this word. 

"SakuntSnamivakaie matsyanamiva codake 
Padam yatha na driyate tatha jnanavidam gatth” 

(Santiparva, 181, 12) 

"Just as the foot.pnnts of birds Eying in the sky and of fish 
swimming in water may not be seen 

So or tints is the going 
of those who have realized the Truth.” 



{ 55 ) 

Lhis very word tatM-gati (only a different form of iatha-ga'a) 
is used for those perfect beings whose foot-prints ate untrace¬ 
able The word 'untraceable' is used for Tathagata m Majj- 
himamkaya Vol. I. p. MO, P. T. S. ed. "tathagatam ananti- 
vejjoti vadami" i e. I declare that Tathagata is ananmejja 
(skt-ananiivcdya) le. whose track is untraceable, who is 
above all the dichotomies of thought.' In the Dhammapada 
also, the Buddha has been called apada (trackless) m ••tarn 
Buddhamanantagocaram apadatn keua pa&ena mssalha" (verse 
179). Again in the verse 254 of the Dhammapada, the word 
Tathagata has been used in connexion with ‘dk&se padatn nailin' 
It appears that Tathagata only means 'thus gone' ‘so gone’ 
i.e. trackless, whose track cannot be traced, by any of the 
-categories of thought. 

The Mahabharata is considered by some scholars to be pre- 
Buddhistsc. Whether it is pre-Buddhistic or post-Buddhistic, 
tathagata seems to have been used for those who had realized 
Truth and were trackless. 

Whatever the origin of the word, the function of Tatha¬ 
gata is clear. He descends on earth to impart the light of 
Truth to mankind and departs without any track. He is the 
embodiment of Tatbata. When the Buddha is called Tathagata, 
his individual personality is ignored; he is treated as a 'type' 
that appears from time to time in the world. He is the earthly 
manifestation of Dharma. The Tathagata who has gone 
beyond all plurality and categories of thought ( sarvaprapanca- 
■atita) can be said to be neither permanent nor impermanent. He 
is untraceable. Permanent and impermanent can be applied only 
where there is duality, not in the case of the non-dual. And 
because Tathala is the same m all manifestation, therefore all 
beings are potential TathSgalas. It is the Tathagata within 
us who makes us long for Nirvana and ultimately sets us free. 

Ssnyata and Karuna are the essential characteristics of 
Taihdgata. Sunyata m this context means prajili (transcenden¬ 
tal insight). Having Sanyata or prajiia, Tathagata is identical 
with Tathala or Sanya. Having harms, he is the saviour of 
all sentient beings. 



( 56 ) 

We have seen the mam features of Madhyamaka philosophy. 
It is both philosophy and mysticism. By its dialectic, its 
critical probe ( prasangdpSdana) into all the categories of 
thought, it relentlessly exposes the pretensions of Reason to 
know Truth The hour of Reason's despair, however, becomes 
the hour of Truth The seeker now turms to meditation on the 
various forms of hunyata, and the practice of prajnSparamttfis. 
By moral and yogic practices, he is prepared to receive the 
Truth In the final stage of Prajna, the wheels of imagination 
are stopped, the discursive mind is stilled, and in that silence 
Reality (bhfita tatliatd) stoops to kiss the eye of the aspirant, 
he receives the accolade of prajHa and becomes the knight— 
en ant of Truth There is no greater certainty than that of the 
mystic and equally there is no greater impotence laid upon 
him in giving expression to the Truth which he has received 
on that dizzy summit of expenence. It is an expennee of a 
different dimension-spaceless, timeless, nirvtkalpa (beyond the 
province of thought and speech) Hence it cannot be expressed 
in any human language. The question is put at the logical 
level of Reason, the answer is found at the supralogical, 
suprarational level of prajna which one can mount to only by 
a life of moral and spiritual discipline. The Madhyamaka system 
is neither scepticism nor agnosticism. It is an open invitation 
to every one to see Reality face to face. 

We saw at the outset that the ideal of Mahayana is the 
Bodhisattva We shall conclude this brief summary of Madhya 
makd system with the following words of Sangharakshita : 
"Buddhism may he compared to a tree Buddha's transcenden¬ 
tal realization is the root The basic Buddhism is the trunk, 
the distinctive Mahayana doctrines the branches, and the 
schools and sub-schools of the Mahayana the flowers Now the 
function of flowers, however beautiful, is to produce fiuit. 
Philosophy, to be more than mere barren speculation, must 
find its reason and its fulfilment in a way of life, thought 
should lead to action. Doctrine give birth to Method The 
Bodhisattva ideal is the perfectly ripened fruit of the whole 
vast tree of Buddhism. Just as the fruit encloses the seed, so 
Mithm the Bodhisattva Ideal are recombined all the different 
and sometimes seemingly divergent elements of Mahayana' 
(A Survey of Buddhism. P 432) 



THE CONCEPTION OF BUDDHIST NIRVANA 
ANALYSIS OF CONTENTS 

Preliminary 

Before the rise of Buddhism, there was a variety of views 
about the survival of the individual after death. Materialists 
denied survival of the individual after death in any form. 
Some adherents of the sacrificial religion believed in a blissful 
existence in paradise. Some believed that the individual 
would enjoy supreme bliss by the dissolution of its personality 
in an impersonal all-embracing Absolute. Some believed in 
an eternal individual soul which would return to its original 
condition of a pure spirit after many rebirths. 

Buddha adopted a middle course. He agreed with the 
Eternalists that there was an accumulation of merit through 
a series of progressive rebirths, but he denied that there was 
any eternal spiritual principle. He did not believe in any 
permanent substance. He considered the world-process to be 
an appearance of discrete evanescent elements. His was a 
system of radical Pluralism 

Buddha had reduced Reality to discrete elements of matter 
and mind without any permanent substance or a permanent 
personality Therefore it became difficult for him to explain 
moral law without a personality on whom the law would be 
binding or salvation without the existence of some one who 
would reach that goal 

Buddha attempted to solve the problem by emphasizing 
the attainment of "quiesence" as the highest bhss. According 
to him, the goal of man was to escape from the movement of 
phenomenal life into absolute quiescence m which all mental 
activity was stilled for ever. The name for this quiescence 
was Nirvana. The term was pre-Buddhistic used in the sense 
of the dissolution of the personal in the universal whole 
(brahma-nirvana). The means of attaining this was Yoga. 



( 2 } 

According to some scholars early Buddhism was merely 
Yoga, and lack of permanent individual. Nirvana etc. was 
invented by later Buddhism These scholars interpret Yoga 
as vulgar magic Yoga is, however, not magic but a well- 
developed technique of concentration. 

Yoga brings about a 'condition of quiescence' A personality 
(pttdgala) which, m other systems, is considered to be a per¬ 
manent spiritual principle (tltma), is according to Buddhism, 
only a bundle of elements or forces ( Sanskara-Sam&ha) and a 
stream of thonght ( santSna). It contains nothing permanent, 
or substantial, it is aniitma Some of the elements are cons¬ 
tant, some appear only under ceitam conditions. 

Among the constantly present elements, there are two 
precious ones, viz., prajiia or the faculty of appreciative 
analysis and samadht or the faculty of concentration. When 
fully developed, prajiia. becomes tianscendent wisdom (prajiid 
am aid). Life m ordinary men is controlled by ignorance (avtdyd) 
which is not a constant faculty and can be eliminated 
( phrahina ). 

The moral progress of man is the outcome of a struggle, 
m man between the good ( kttiala ) and the evil ( akuiala ) 
inclination. The presence of defiling ignorance (avtdyS) to¬ 
gether with its disturbing qualities (Ide&as) makes the whole 
stream of thought ( sant&na ) impure. 

The disturbing or defiling faculties {hleias) are divided into 
two classes, (1) those that can be remedied by insight (dTsti - 
heya) and (2) those can be remedied only by concentrated 
attention ( bhSvana-heya) In the path of Nirvana, bMvanB. is the 
most decisive step It can transport the individual into a 
higher realm of existence 

Existence is divided into two distinct spheres the mystic 
world or samdpalh, and the gross world of carnal desire or 
Idma-dhStn. The latter includes hells, earth and the heavens 
where gods are living and enjoying themselves in a human 
way. 



( 3 ) 

The mystic worlds are further divided into two dasses- 
those m which the denezins possess ethereal bodies, and those 
in which they do not possess any physical bodies. The purely 
spiritual realms ( arnpa-dhalu ) are four. Their denizens are 
engrossed in contemplation (sainupatit) out of the three incen¬ 
tives of human action on earth, viz., wealth, love and duty 
(arlha-Mma-dhartna), the last alone continues its unimpeded 
sway tn the mystic's world 

III Mystic Iuimltm ( Yogi-Pralyaksa ) 

It is contended both m Hinayana and Mahayana that in 
a mystic trance, the mystic sees in a moment the construction 
of both the gross and the mystic worlds as vividly as if they 
were an experience of direct sense-perception But the picture 
given by Hinayana and Mahayana mystics is entirely different. 
The Hinayana mystic views the universe as an infinite continuity 
of single moments in giadual evolution towards 'Final Extinc¬ 
tion’ The Mahayana mystic sees another picture corres¬ 
ponding to the theoretical teaching of that system. 

The preparation for salvation c insists of (1) a preliminary 
course of acquiring moral qualities (sambhS.ro, m&rga), (2) 
a subsequent course of training (prayoga mSrga), (3) insight 
into essential truths {di'sii msrga) Dr*ti tndrga means insight 
into the four truths of the saint {Eaivan drya satydnt), viz., 
( I ) phenomenal existence ( duhkha) ( 2 ) its driving force 
(samudaya) (3) its extinction [ittrodha), and ( 4 ) the means for 
the final extinction (mrodJia-marga). 

In Hinayana, the process of illumination is described in 
two aspects ( 1) that of feeling (2) and that of knowledge. 
The feeling is one of satisfaction (ksanti ntdj. This is followed 
by knowledge or intuition which means the vision of the 
elements of existence ( dharma-jfi&na) 

In later times when the study of Abhidharma was super¬ 
seded by that of logic and epistemology, direct cognition was 
defined as containing no synthetic thought ( kalpandpodha). 
The four truths were at first ascei tained by sound logic 



( 4 ) 

($ramanena vmtscua), and then suddenly perceived as vividly 
as a grain of corn on the palm of the hand. In Mahayana, the 
preparation consisted in a course of negative dialectic after 
which the Intuition of th° transcendental truth, springs up 
as an inward conviction ( pratyatma-vedyaj 

Buddhist yoga was an inseparable part of the belief m a 
pluralistic universe of separate elements (dhannas) gradually 
evolving towards extinction. All yoga practices which did not 
have this philosophical aim were condemned by the Buddha. 

All the systems of philosophy m India excepting Mimamsh 
believed m yoga as a means for ‘transition out of the pheno¬ 
menal into the absolute' 

IV. Buddha’s Belief in Personal Immortality 

‘Immortal’ is one of the epithets used for Nirvana Does 
immortality connote blissful existence among the forefathers 
m heaven ? Or does it connote the paradise of Amitabha ? 
The epithet ‘Nirvana’ does not mean any of these things. 
Nirvana is ‘beyond all imaginable spheres , it is the absolute 
limit ’ It simply means changeless, lifeless, deathless condi¬ 
tion ; it connotes a state m which there is neither birth nor 
death. “People enter paradise by being re-bom m it, they 
disappear for ever in Nirvana by being extinct " 

V Was Buddha An Agnostic ? 

Buddha maintained a studied silence regarding tome funda¬ 
mental metaphysical questions eg, ‘Is the world beginn¬ 
ingless or has it a beginning, is it finite or infinite, what is the 
condition of the saint after death or what is the nature of 
the Absolute V Buddha either did not answer such 
questions at all or declared them as futile 

Scholars like N de la Vallde Poussin and B Keith inter¬ 
pret his silence as due to ignorance, but the fact is that 
fundamental reality cannot be explained in terms of the 
discursive intellect. Buddha maintained that the very effort of 
the intellect to confine truth to a simple ‘either-or’ to extienes 



( 5 ) 

is bound to prove futile, the truth lies in the middle path. It 
cannot be described in terms oi the human language which is 
the product of analytical intellect. It is 'unspeakable* 'indefi¬ 
nable*. Non-duality is above words. 

VI. The Position Of The Later Schools Of Hinayana 

Scholars like N. de la Vallfie Poussin divide the history of 
Buddhism into three main periods, viz., a period of primitive 
faith, a period of confused ideology and a period of scholas¬ 
ticism. Such scholars have only attempted to construct the 
history of Buddhism on lines parallel to the Western Church. 

Such a division of Buddhism is artificial. It is preferable 
to keep to the broad divisions of Buddhism into early or 
Hinayana and later or Mahsyana and the Sautrantikas as a 
transitional school. 

Scholasticism is used in two senses, viz., (1) philosophy m 
the service of religion (2) excessive subtlety and artificiality 
m philosophical constructions. Scholasticism in Buddhism is to 
be taken m the second sense The Vaibhasikas were scho¬ 
lastic m this sense. The Sautrantikas were in favour of 
simplification. 

Mahayana may be assigned to the 1st Century A. D. and 
the decline of Hinayana in the North to the 5th Century A. D. 
The Sautrantikas occupied an intermediate position between 
the extreme Mahayamsts and the “school men’* Finally they 
coalesced with the Mahayamsts forming the school of Yogficgra- 
Sautrantika 

The Vaibhasikas considered Nirvana to be something real 
(vastu), the Mahayamsts and the Sautrantikas maintained that 
it was only nominal, it was nothing real by itself, it was merely 
the cesation of all personal life 

Poussin has given interesting details of the controversy 
regarding Nnvana, but he has missed the meaning of the 
controversy. The Vaibhasikas did not maintain that Nirvana 
was a kmd of paradise as Poussin seems to think, but that the 



( 6 ) 

annihilation of all life { mro&ha) the essence of Nirvana was a 
reality ( mrodha-satya, vastu) i. e 'a materialistic lifeless reality*. 
The Sautrantikas adhere to the Mahay an a conception which 
consists m identifying Nirvana with the living jvorld itself 
They deny the reality of that materialistic kind of Nirvana 
which was maintained by the Vaibhasikas. 

VII The Double Character Of The Absolute 

Nirvana may be said to be the equivalent of the Absolute 
With regard to Nirvana, there are two diametrically opposed 
views both in Brahminical and Buddhist philosophies. 

Nirvana is considered to be either eternal annihilation or 
eternal life The various views may be represented clearly in 
the following tabular form . 

Schools Views 

Early Nyaya-VaiSesika In Mukti, there is mere sat or 

existence without ctt or consci¬ 
ousness 

Early Buddhism and the Nirvana is a reality (dhauita, 
Vaibhasika school vastu) but without any cons¬ 

ciousness (yasmtii salt cetaso 
vimoksah) 

Vedanta, Sankhya and Yoga Nirvana is eternal life 
Hinayana Supreme Buddha has no body. 

Maha.ya.na and Sautrantikas Buddha has a glorious, all-em¬ 
bracing cosmic body ( dhartna- 
kaya) 

Early schools of Hinayana Both Samsara and Nirvana are 
and the Vaibhasikas real separately 

Madhyamika Both Samsara and Nirvana are 

separately unreal 

Sautrantika Samsara is real, Nirvana is 

separately unreal 
Samsara is unreal, Nirvana if 
real. 


Yogacara or Vijhanavada 



{ 7 > 

VIII. The Vaibhastkas 

They may be considered to be the representatives of the 
Sarvastivadins or Early Buddhism m general. Their views 
may be summed up in the following words. Existence has 
a dual aspect, viz, (1) transient and phenomenal (2) eternal 
and absolute. The phenomenal aspect may be analysed into 
matter, mind, and forces, the eternal into Space and Nirvana. 

There are two sets of elements of the phenomenal life, viz. 
(l)the one representing their everlasting nature (dharrna- 
svahh&va), (2) the other representing their momentary mani¬ 
festation m actual life { dharma-laksana ). "When all mani¬ 
festations are stopped and all forces become extinct, only 
lifeless residue remains. This is similar to the undifferentiated 
Prakiti of Sankhya It must, however, be remembered that 
the Sankhyas admitted both eternal Matter and eternal Souls, 
but the Buddhists denied Soul. 

The Vaibhasika maintains that Nirvana is an entity 
(( dliarma ) which remains when consciousness becomes extinct. 

IX. The Smir&nlikas 

According to the Santrantikas, Nirvana was the absolnte 
end of all manifestation known to us, the end of passion and 
life (Kltsa-Janmanoh ksaynh), without any positive counter¬ 
part. They denied any residue or substance in which life 
was extinguished. In othei words, like all the Mahayanists, 
they denied materialistic Nirvana. 

They neither admitted the monistic spiritual principle 
CSlaya-vtjmia) of the idealistic Mahayanists, nor the principle 
of relativity (gfinya-vada) of the Madhyamikas. 

It appears from the works of the famous Sautrantika, 
Vasunutra that according to this school, there were two 
fcmds of elements (skandha)-t hose which were subject to 
tota! extinction, and a subtle consciousness which survived 
after Nirvana, and of which the former were but a manifesta¬ 
tion. 



( 8 ) 


X . The Yognctiras 

This was an idealistic school founded by Aryasanga in 
the 4th, 5th Century A, D. 

The Yogacara School is divided into two (1) Aryasanga 
and his followers (2) Dignaga and his followers. According 
to Aryasanga, alaya-vijtttia is a store-consciousness in which 
the seeds (hija) of all future ideas and the traces of all past 
deeds are stored up It is not the Absolute. It belongs to 
the phenomenal part of existence, because all the results of 
karma are stored therein 

From their predecessors, the Madhyamikas, the Yogacaras 
adopted the theory of the relativity and consequent unreality, 
(i iunyata—mhsvabhSvata) of all individual existence, of all 
plurality, with the difference that they introduced different 
degrees of this unreality. 

According to this school, individual ideas were unreal, 
since they were merged in the unique reality ( panntspanna) of 
the Absolute (tathata = dharmala) This was called their 
unreality in the absolute sense [paramarfha mhsaabhavatia) 
The Absolute was immanent in the phenomenal world, neither 
different, nor non-diflerent {nSnya, nSnanya) It was a pure 
consciousness, undifferentiated into subject and object 
( grdhya-grahaka-rahita) It is identified with the cosmic body 
(dharma-kaya) of the Buddha. 

Both Vasubandhu and Asanga ultimately adopted the 
idealistic view, according to which all separate elements 
were relative, not real in themselves, but real only when 
regarded si tl specie aetermtatis 

Hinayana regarded both Samsara and Nirvana as realities, 
Yogic power achieved the transition from Samsara into 
Nirvana 

According to Mahay ana, the Absolute was immanent in 
theuorld So there was no need to convert the satnskrta- 
dharmas into asasmkrla-dharmas There was only a change 
of aspect when Nirvana was attained 



' C 9 ) 


The Yogi viewed every separate object as unreal epara- 
tely, but real s«6 specie aetenntaiis. 

Dignaga analysed reality into the concrete and the indivi¬ 
dual (svalaksam), a point-instant (Arana) m which existence 
and cognition, object and subject coalesce. 

XI. The MSdltyamtkas 

The Madhyamika system of philosophy and dialectics is 
the mam foundation of the Mahayana rehgion. The Mahayana 
religion differs from early Buddhism m many respects and has 
several points of contact with Brahmamcal religion. 

The Madhyamika system of philosophy is represented as 
extreme nihilism. Kumarila, VacaspatimiSra and Sankara have 
all condemned it as downright nihilism. Japanese scholars 
have, however, never committed the mistake of regarding 
its philosophy as nihilism or pure negativism. 

XII. The Doctrine of Causality m The Hinaydna 

Hinayana contains an analysis of existence into its compo¬ 
nent elements, and establishes a certain number of ultimate 
data. It transforms soul into a stream of continuously 
flowing discrete moments of vijiidua, vedana, samjiia, saihaska.ru 
etc Matter ( riipa ) is also considered to be a flow of momen¬ 
tary flashes without any continuant stuff. It admits only the 
reality of sense data and the elements of mini * 

Its conception of causality, viz, prailtya-samutpada is 
in consonance with its concqition of reality which could 
neither move nor change, but could only appear and disappear. 
Pralilyasanmtpdda can hardly be called causation in the 
sense in which it is usually understood. It really 
dependency co-ordinated-origination or dependent existence. 
According to it every momentary entity springs into 
existence in co-ordination with other moments. Its 
formula is ‘asmiii salt idam bhavali’ there being this, there 
appears that 1 According to this, there conld be neither causa 
materxalis, nor causa efficiens. An entity is not really produced, 
it is simply co-ordinated. 



( 10 ) 

Apart from the momentary entities called namarttpa, 
Hinayana believes in two unchanging entities viz. space 
and Nirvana. It considers both Samsara and Nirvana, 
as realities, somehow interconnected in a whole. 

XIII. The Doclnne Modified in Mahay ana 

The mam distinctions between Hinayana and Mahayana are 
the following 

(1) According to Mahayana, the Real was that which 
possessed a reality of its own (sva-bhdva), which was not 
produced by causes (akrlaka=asamskrta), which was not depen¬ 
dent upon anything else (paralra ntrapeksa) 

(2) In Hinayana, the elements, although interdependent 
(samsktta «= pratfiyasanmtpanna), were real (vastn). In Maha¬ 
yana, all elements, because interdependent, were unreal 
[ £unya=soabhava — Sanyo) 

(3) In Hinayana, every whole (raSi=avayavm) is regarded 
as a nominal existence ( prajiiaptisat) and only the parts or 
ultimate elements ( dharma ) are real (vastn). In Mahayana, 
all parts or elements are unreal (Sanya) and only the whole 
of all wholes (dhannatd=dharma=kHya) is real. 

According to Mahayana, Reality ( tattva ) is ‘uncogmsable 
from without, quiescent, undifferentiated m words, unreali- 
sable in concepts, non-plural'. 

(4) In Hinayana, the individual (pudgala), the self ( almd) 
was resolved in its component elements (skandha — dyatana— 
dhdtavah = anatma), there were no real personalities ( pttdgal- 
nairatmya), but a congeries of flashing forces (samskar- 
samQha). 

In Mahayana we have, on the other hand, a denial of real 
elements (dharma-natratmya), and an assertion of the absolute 
Whole ( dharma-kaya) 

In Hinayana, we have a radical pluralism, in Mahayana, 
we have a radical monism. 



< 11 ) 

XIV. The Doctrine of Relativity 

Mahayana gives a new interpretation of pratitya-samutpada. 

It maintains that whatsoever is dependent or relative cannot 
tie considered as ultimate reality. 

The central conception in Early Buddhism is a plurality 
of ultimate elements (dharmas). The central conception of 
Mahayana is their relativity (itmyata). The word Siinya can 
best be translated by 'relative or contingent’ and the term 
ifinyata by ‘relativity or contingency'. The entire Mahayana 
literature goes to show that the term itcnya is a synonym of 
dependent existence {pratitya samutpSda) and means not some¬ 
thing 'void', but something ‘devoid’ of independent reality 
{svabhava-itinya) . Sfinya has two implications, viz. (1) that 
-nothing short of the whole possesses independent reality (2) 
and that the whole forbids every formulation by concept or 
speech ( titfprapanca ). Concept or speech (vikalpa) can give us 
only a distorted view of reality; it can never seize it. 

XV. The Real Eternal Buddha 

Mahayana does not believe m the Hinayanistic conception 
of Buddha having a real existence of his own According to 
Mahayana, Buddha is above every possible determination 
-(insptapanca). The real Buddha must be perceived directly by 
intuition. Those who dichotomise him as eternal or non-eter¬ 
nal, existent or non-existent, relative or non-relative, omni- 
-scient or non-omniscient are misled by words. Buddha must 
be regarded as the cosmical order ( dhamudah ), his Body is the 
-Cosmos (dharmats). It is impossible to know the essence of the 
Cosmos conceptually. 

XVI. The New Conception of Nirvana 

Early Buddhism and Vaibhasikas regarded Space and 
Mirvana as ultimate realities on the ground that they posses¬ 
sed a character (dhartna), a reality (vastu), an individuality 
{svahtksana), an existence of their own {svabhava). These con- 



( 12 ) 


tcntions were rejected by the Sautrantika on the ground that 
they did not possess any such reality 

The Madhyamikas also rejected those contentions because 
of their new definition of reality [anafckfaJt tvabhavah). The 
Madhyamika's conception of Relativity (iiinyalav) covered 
everything, the conditional as well as the eternal elements of 
the Vaibhdsikas. The new lnterpi elation of the pnncipleof 
Relativity ( pratitya-satimlpada) made the Hinayinistic Absolute 
also relative, and accoidmg to Mahayuna, whatever was 
relative was false, transient and illusory 

The unique reality, according to Mahayana, cannot be 
characterised in words ( amrvacaniya), but a hint of it may be 
found m the following descriptions. It is the Whole of all 
wholes, it is the element of all elements (dharmfinatn dlunmato 
or dhartna-dJmtn), as their relativity {iHuyata), as 'thisness' 
(idanta), as 'suchness' (tatltata) as the suchness of existence 
{bhilta-tathatfi), as the matrix of the Lord ( tatlwgata-garbha ) 
and as Buddha’s Cosmic Body ( dharma-kaya ) In the last 
conception. Buddhism becomes at once pantheistic and theis- 
tic, or as Prof Anesaki puts it, Cosntofheisttc. 

The great Mahayamst, Nagaijuna gives a new orientation 
to Nirvana. The Vaibhasika maintained that Nirvana 
was something real (dhanna.) in which consciousness and 
life were extinct for ever, the Sautrantika believed that 
it was the simple cessation of the world process. In both cases, 
something real was assumed to exist before Nirvana and to- 
disappear afterwards This made Nirvana a product of causes- 
(samskrta) Nagarjuna asserted that there was not a shade of 
difference between the Absolute and the Phenomenal, between 
Nirvana and Samsara. The universe viewed as a whole is the 
Absolute, viewed as a process, it is the phenomenal 

XVII. Is Relativity Itself Relative 5 

The mam problem for Mahfiyana is-"Is Relativity itself 
relative Obviously the concept of Relativity depends upon 
its opposite-the Non-relative It should be borne m mind that 



( 13 } 

•the pnnciplc of Relativity is invoked to destroy all theories' 
•and to replace them by direct mystic intuition, not by a new 
theoiy. Candrakirti, the commentator on Nagarjuna’s “Madhy- 
amaka-Sastra” puts it beautifully "Relativity is here the 
common characteristic of all the elements {dhanua) of exist¬ 
ence. That is our view. But since there is no clement which 
would be non-relative. Relativity itself, for want of those 
objects with which it could be contrasted, becomes as mane 
as a mirage, as a garland of flowers m the sky". 

Relativity (Sunyata) may be used to understand that all 
-existence is relative and when that is understood, the theoiy 
of Relativity should be discarded 

Middle path in Early Buddhism meant middle course 
between materialism ucchedavada and the doctrine of Eternal 
Soul {SasvalavSda). In Mahayana, Middle path comes to mean 
■Relativity. 

XVII. Parallel Developments tn Buddhism and Brahmanism 

Just as Mahayana moved towards radical Monism, even so 
Brahmanism moved towards radical Monism. It is most proba¬ 
ble that Mahayana is indebted to some Upanisadic influence. 
-Gaudapada and Sankara have been, in their turn, influenced t 
by the dialectic of Nagarjuna. 

XTX. European Parallels 

To characterize Nagarjuna as a 'nihilist’ as some scholars 
nave done would be misleading, fox his condemnation of Logic 
is only one part, and not the principal one, of his Philosophy. 

Prof Keith and Prof M. Walleser suppose that Nagarjuna 
denies even the empirical reality of the world, this is bacause 
they have missed the positive counterpart of his negativism, 
the identity of Dharmakdya and Brahman. Nagarjuna’s philoso¬ 
phy was ceitainly opposed to rationalism, European or Indian, 
which believes that Reality could be known by logical reason. 

, J? ro *‘ J ac pk_ x has suggested a comparison between Zeno 
■of Eleia and Nagarjuna The similarity was not limited only 



( 14 ) 

to their dialectic. Nagatjuna's philosophy points to a Whole 
which, when characterized m limited particulars leads to the 
antinomy of reason Particulars are merely relative (Sunya). 
Zeno also devised his "sophisms” to prove the impossibility 
of motion, and to lead the thinker to Parmenides' conception 
of the world as a motionless whole 

There are remarkable coincidences between Nagarjnna’s 
negativism and Bradley’s condemnation of the concepts of 
thmgs and qualities, relations, space and time, change, causa¬ 
tion, motion, the self etc Bradley may be characterized as 
genuine Madhyamika. 

A similarity may be found between Heigel’s dialectic met- 
thod and that of Nagarjnna Hegiel challenges common sense 
to pomt some object which is certainly known for what it is, 
and solves the question by stating that all we know of the 
object is its "thisness”, all its remaining contents bemg merely 
relation This is also the meaning of tatJuUS- or "suchness”, 
and, as we have seen iunyata only means Relativity Both 
philosophers assme us that Negativity (iilnyatfi) is the soul of 
the Universe Reducing the world of fact to a realm of univer¬ 
sal relativity this implies that everything cognisable is trans¬ 
ient and illusory 

A similarity may also be noticed between the Mahayamst 
conception of Buddha's Cosmical Body as the unique substance 
and Spinoza's conception of God as the only substance. 

It will be seen, therefore, that it will not be correct 
to characterize NagSrjuna as a "Nihilist". All that Nagarjuna 
was at pains to show was that logic was incapable of giving 
us an idea of the Absolute, and that we can have a knowledge 
of the Absolute only by direct mystic intuition 

XX. The Position of Nydya-Vaiicsiha 

In the conception of Mohsd of Nyaya-VaiSesika a similar¬ 
ity to the Buddhist conception of Nirvana may be noticed 
The highest goal of life, according to Nyaya-VaiSesika, is- 
MoksA or Apavarga in which there is neither consciousness as. 



( IS ) 

we know it here down on Earth nor bliss. Vdtsy&yana, the 
great commentator on the Nyaya-sutras says that such a 
goal could hardly be acceptable to the average man. He puts 
the aversion of the average man to such a goal in the 
following words. "Is it possible that an enlightened man 
should favour a final Release m which there is neither bliss nor 
consciousness ?" And he answers the question by a counter¬ 
question—"Is it possible that an enlightened man should not 
favour the idea of a final Release where all turmoil of life is 
stopped for ever and where there is no consciousness about 
it »'* 

The goal of Indian philosophical systems is Moksa or 
Nirvana They start with the conception of whole [sarvam) 
which is divided into phenomenal life and the Absolute 
(Samsara and Nirvana ) The phenomenal part is further 
analysed into its actual condition ( duhkha), its driving 
force (dithkha-samudaya), its extinction (mrodha), and the 
means for acquiring this extinction {niroaha-mdrga) It is not 
only Buddhism which preaches these four truths. This scheme 
is accepted by almost all the Indian philosophical systems. 

Both in Nyaya-VaEesika and Buddhism, phenomenal life 
is designated as duhkha It is wrong to translate it as suffer¬ 
ing, misery or pain, since it covers such items as inanimate 
matter, the five objects of sense etc 

In both the systems, the analysis of existence into its 
elements is undertaken m order to determine the means by 
which all the forces of life must be brought to a standstill. 

There is another general feature of practically all the 
systems of Indian philosophy They believe in a central force 
which keeps life going in all the worlds. This general force 
{karma) is resolved into special ones called illusion, desire 
and aversion. They produce germs of future action which bring 
about the continuation of phenomenal life. The decisive and 
final step which stops empirical life for ever, and transfers 
the individual into the Absolute is Yoga. 



( 16 ) 


The NySya-Vaiiesika system assumes a limited number of 
substances with then changing qualities In this system, the 
soul of the individual is an eternal substance, it is ubiquitous 
and conterminous with space Knowledge is produced in it by 
contact with buddht or the internal organ By the power of 
Yoga, buddht is kept back from all contact with the soul. No 
consciousness is then produced, all phenomenal life is annihi¬ 
lated, but the substance of the soul reverts In Moksa (libera¬ 
tion) to its original and natural condition ( svariipdvestfta) 

There is a controversy between the Nyaya-VaiSesifca 
systems and Vedanta regarding the condition of the liberated 
soul. The VaiSesikas maintain that it is a cessation of all life, 
]ust as there is cessation of fire when all life is exhausted. 
According to them, there is no eternal bliss and eternal 
consciousness m mohsa as Vedanta maintains Since all 
objects of knowledge have disappeared for ever m moksa, if 
there is any joy in that condition, it would be Toy without any 
thing to be enjoyed, if there is any knowledge in that condition, 
it would be knowledge without knowing anything. Such feeling 
and such knowledge would be as good as non-existent {sthitopy 
astlntan na vthsyate) 

The only meaning of Moksa or Ntrvana according to Nyaya- 
VaiSesika is the annihilation of phenomenal life This closely 
resembles the conception of Nirvana of the Vaibbasika school 
of Buddhism The Nirvana of the Mahayanists and the Sautra- 
ntikas, however, resembles the conception of Mohsa enter¬ 
tained by the Vedantists 

XXI Conclusion 

The following stages may he marked in the Buddhist con¬ 
ception of the Absolute 

(1) In the 6th century B C there was a great effervescence 
of philosophical thought among the non-brahmamcal classes in 
India Buddha al that time proposed a system denying the 
existence of eternal soul and reducing phenomenal existence 



( 17 ) 

to a congeries of separate elements, evolving giadually towards 
final extinction. 

(2) Only some schools remained faithful to this ideal of 
lifeless Nirvana and an extinct Buddha. 

(3) In the 1st century A D. Buddha was converted into a 
superhuman, living principle This system of thought was 
probably influenced by the Upamsads Buddha now became 
converted into a full-blown Brahman and its personification 
was worshipped under the name of a Cosmical Body (dharma- 
My a), Samantabhadro, Vairocan and others. 

(4) The Mahafemghikas and Vatsiputriyas assumed 
kind of consciousness surviving m Nirvana 

(5) The philosophical doctrine of the old school stuck to 
the conception of separate elements of matter, mind and 
forces, and investigated the method of their gradual extinc¬ 
tion in the Absolute. 

(6) The Sautrantikas cut down the list of artificially cons¬ 
tructed elements, cut down Nirvana itself as a separate entity, 
and thus constituted a transition Mahayana 

{7) The poilosophy of the new religion is an adaptation 
■of Vedanta It became monistic, 

(8) This monistic philosophy was divided into two differ¬ 
ent schools. One school known as VijMnavada maintained 
that there was store-consciousness [ataya-Vijnana) of which 
all phenomenal life was n manifestation This school made a 
good deal of contribution to Logic. The other school denied 
the possibility of cognising the Absolute by logical methods 
It declared all plurality to be an illusion, and nothing short 
of the Whole to be Reality which could be known only in 
mystic mtvition 

(9) The transitional Sautrantika school merged m the 5tb 
Century A. D. in the idealistic school of Mahayana and 
produced philosophers like Diguaga and Dharmakirti. Accor¬ 
ding to it. Nirvana was a pure spiritual principle in which 



( 18 ) 

subject and object coalesced, and the force of transcenden¬ 
tal illusion (vasan.fi), producing the phenomenal world 
disappeared 

(10) In the 7th century A. D , the relativistic school 
(iilnyavsda) of early Hahayana received a fresh impulse. 

(11) The Vfjhanavada and Sunyavada now influenced 
Vedanta which adapted its methods for its own purpose 


A TREATISE ON RELATIVITY 
By 

Nagarjuna 

Prefatory 

Nagarjuna has written three works on Buddhist Theory of 
Relative (Sunyata), viz Uadhyamaka Sastra, Yukti- 
sastika and Suuyata-saptati 

The first work is divided into 27 chapters It is his main 
work. It calls into question the various concepts of philo- 
sophj' accepted by Hinayana and other systems, and proves 
that they are all relative, and that Reality cannot be 
established intedectually It indirectly establishes Non¬ 
dualism (advaita) 

Nagarjuna is also the author of Vtgralia-vyavarta >■ 
(The Refutation of Contests) It is doubtful whether some 
other works attributed to him were really written by him It 
is also doubtful whether Nagarjuna, the metallurgist-chemist, 
and Nagarjuna, the philosopher are the same person His 
pupil and successor, Aryadeva wrote Catuhiataka, and 
HaslavSlaprakaratia Both flourished m the 2nd century A. D. 
and both belonged to South India, 

In the 5th Century A D , the brothers Asanga and. 
Vasubandhu developed the idealistic school of Mahayana, 
known as Vijfiana\ada or Yogacara. 



( 19 ) 

The 3unyavada school of Mahayana is divided into two— 

(1) that of Nagarjuna and his followers that totally condem¬ 
ned Logic for understanding the Absolute and (2) that of 
Bhavya and his followers who advocated independent argu¬ 
ments to support the tenets of Nagarjuna. The first is known 
as Madhyamilca-Prasangika the second is known as Madhya- 
mika-Svatantrika. 

In the 7th century A. D. arose Candrakirti who, by his 
learned commentary on Niigarjuna's Madhyamaka Sastra 
cast the Svatantnka school into the shade and firmly establi¬ 
shed the Prasangika school. 

The following periods may be marked in the development 
of the philosophy of Mahayana : 

(1) 1st century A.D —The rise of Mahayana— alaya- 
VijHana and tatftala admitted by ASvaghosa. 

(2) 2nd century A. D.—The theory of Universal Relativity 
(Stinyatd) formulated by NSgarjuna and Aryadeva 

(3) 3rd and 4th century—No particular philosophical 
activity. 

(4) 5th century—The idealistic interpretation of Asanga 
and Vasubandhu. 

(5) 6th century A. D.—A split in the Sunyavada school 
between the Madhyamika—Prasangika and the Madhyamika 
Svatantnka 

16 ) 7th century A.D.—Final establishment of the 

Madhyamika-Prasangika school by Candrakirti 



EXAMINATION OF CAUSALITY 


I. Preliminary 

What is the subject-matter of this work ? Nagarjuna gives 
-a hint of it in the prayer given m the beginning of the work. 
It is the Principle of Relativity {praiitya—satmitpSda or Sunyata 
or anta-doaya-rahitaiva )—the principle that nothing (in the 
Universe) can disappear or arise, or has an end or is eternal 
or is identical with itself, nor is there anything differentiated 
(m itself) and that there is no motion, whether towards us or 
away from us In one word, everything is relative 

The aim of this work is Nirvana which may be characteri¬ 
zed as the bliss of the quiescence of all plurality 

The universe of apparent plurality is governed by the 
principle of Relativity or pralitya-samutpada 

II The Meaning of Pratitya-samutpuda 

'Pratitya' is formed by the preposition ‘pah’ (towards) 
the root '*' (moving, approaching). The preposition modifies 
the meaning of a verb Therefore pratilya here means 'reach¬ 
ing* m the sense of 'dependent' or 'relative*. The word samttt- 
pada means 'appearance, manifestation’ The whole word 
pratilya-sanzHtpada, therefore, means in this system ‘the mam- 
efestation of sparate entities as relative to their causes and 
conditions' { hettt-pralyapeksa bh&vaniitn ntpadah pradtilya 
samutpadfij thah) 

111 The Meaning of this Term in Hinayana 

Srflabha and other HinaySnists explain pralitya-sav,utpada 
in a somewhat different way. They say that ’itya’ is a iaddhita 
or a derivative derived from the noun 'ill' which means dis¬ 
appearance. 'I tya', therefore, means 'fit to disappear’. The 
preposition 'prait’ is used m the sense of Vipsn 1 e repetition 
implying continuous or successive action Thus according to 



( 21 > 

them-pralUyasamutpiida means 'prah prati ttyhnam imaiwui/i 
samRtpadah ' 1 c. appearance of every thing bound to disappear 
1 e , everything momentary So their explanation comes to 
this—The evanescent momentary things appear. 

IV. The Hinayamst Interpretation Rejected 
The Hinayamst interpretation may do in a passage of the 
Scripture like the following :— 

“ Pratityasairuipadam 0 Bluksavo dc&aytsyamci” l e. "O 
Bhiksus, I shall teach you pi alitya samntpada”, but m a passage 
like the following, the Hinayamst interpretation will utterly 
fail— "Caksuli pratitya tilpiini catupadyate caksurvijilanam ” i e 
“visual consciousness appears when coordinated with the 
faculty of vision and colour," 

But the interpretation which we propose viz. 'appearances 
coordinated with conditions, appearances relative to conditions' 
applies m all cases. 

V. The Opinion of BhSvtmveka Refuted 
Bhavaviveka misquotes the opinion of Mahayamsts, and 
then on-the basis of that misquotation alleges that the Maha- 
yanists mean by 'prati' vipsa or generalisation. This is wrong. 
The Mahayamsts, as we have already pointed out, mean by 
pratitya-saniutpada 'relative existence' 'appearance relatively 
to conditions' and this applies both to generalisation and 
single cases 

VI. Bhavamvcka's Criticism Unsound 
Bhavaviveka interprets the explanation Pratitya prapya. 
literally as 'reaching' and then criticises by saying that there 
are no two things here reaching each other. But his criticism 
is not to the point, for prapya m this context means € apeksya‘ 
i. e. 'relatively ‘being dependent' 

VII. The Definition of the Term By Bhavaviveka 
Bhavaviveka interprets ‘praiUyasamntpada’ in the follow¬ 
ing way,'if this is, that appears'. It is not right to treat it 



( 22 ) 

as a disjunctive judgement Although ‘ pratitya-samutpadv' 
consists of two words, it is not right to suppose that each 
refers to a different object. 

Bhavaviveka again treats 'pratityasamuipada.' as a conven¬ 
tional expression frRdht) This too is not right. 

At last Bhavaviveka, explains ‘pratityasamMtpSda.’ as 'this 
bemg, that becomes ' In this way, he ultimately accepts our 
explanation 

VIII The Principle of Relativity The Law of All Pluralistic 
Existence 

By the doctrine of ' pratilya-samutpada Buddha teaches 
that all entities in life are relative. Nothing disappears, and 
nothing new appears. 

The essence of Relativity is Nirvana, the Quiessence of 
■of Plurality, for which there are no words. 

The doctrine of Relativity is the Central teaching of 
Buddha 


IX. Causality Denied 

Causation which is imagined in other systems (as a real 
.production] appears either as a new manifestation of the same 
(continuant) stuff, or as an effect of separate factors, or as a 
result of both or as proceeding at random Nagfirjuna mam- 
*tams that none of these theories is right 

X Identity of Cause And Effect Denied 

Buddhapahts rightly says that entities do not arise out 
of their own selves, since such origination would serve no 
purpose, and since an absurd consequence will follow that 
everything is eternally arising 

XI B/iuvamvcka Assails The Comment of Buddhapahta 

Bhavaviveka has raised an objection against the above 
interpretation of Buddhapahta, saying that his comment 
misses the mark, because 



( 23 ) 

(1) r neither a reason nor an example is given, 

( 2 ) |objections areleft unanswered, 

(3) Jit is a mere deduction ad absttrdum. 

XII. The First objection Of Bhavaviveka Answered. 

In saying that the cause is the self, you seemingly main¬ 
tain that one's own self is once more produced. There is no 
sense in a new production of wliat already exists, and there 
would be infinite regress. But according to the Madliyamika 
method of dialectics, a reason with an example is not needed. 
He is interested only in showing the absurdity of conflicting 
■views. 

XIII. The Second Point Of Bhavaviveka Rejected 
The accusations of the opponent (viz. Sankhya) were abso¬ 
lutely out of place. It was, therefore, not incumbent upon 
Buddhapalita to refute them. So Bhavaviveka’s assertion that 
'objections are left unanswered’ is irrelevant. 

XIV. The Mttdhyannka Method Explained 
Bhavaviveka says that Buddhapalita has given no valid 
argument to prove his thesis. Bhavaviveka does not realize 
that the method of the Madhyaraika is different. He does not 
vindicate any assertion in order to convince his opponent. It 
is enough for him if he shows that his opponent is not capable 
■of establishing his thesis. 

XV. BuddhapulUa's Comment Vindicated from the Stand¬ 
point of Formal Logic. 

On close consideration, it will be found that Buddhapalita 
has actually given an independent argument to prove his the¬ 
sis. It stands thus 

Entities do not arise out of themselves. 

Because such origination would serve no purpose. Here the 
word *such’ refers to a new origination of something by. itseif 
^already) existing. 



,{ -24 )) 

This argument may be expanded in the following way — 

Thesis—An entity does not require a second production. 

Reason—Because it exists 

Example—Just as a jar 

Major premise—Whatsoever exists does not require to be 
produced once more. 

Bhavaviveka is, theiefoic, not right m saying that Buddha* 
palita has given no independent argument to prove his thesis 

XVI. The Answer of The Sankhya Virtually Repudiated 
By Buddhapahta 

Buddhapahta has clearly shown that m the case of a mam* 
fested jar, it would be absurd to maintain the identity of 
cause and effect Regarding a non-mamfested jar, it is all 
the more clear that it cannot be produced, for it has been 
shown that entities do not arise of their own self. 

It is clear, therefore, that Buddhapahta has pointed out 
the contradictions in the Sankhya theory of causality by an 
independent argument. 

XVII. Some Minor Points Explained 

The argument against the Sankhya may have also been 
formulated by Buddhapahta in another way, viz.. 

Thesis—All physical entities do not arise out of themselves. 

Reason—Because they always exist m their own essence 

Example—Just as the eternal spint does 

It might be said that the SSnkhya is not affected by the 
denial of origination, for he maintains that causality consists 
in a new manifestation of an existing stuff. But origination 
also means manifestation, for both origination and manifesta¬ 
tion have the common feature of representing something 
that was formerly unperceived and became perceived after. 

XVIII. The Third Stricture of Bhdvamveka Answered. 

The Denial of one View does not imply the 
Acceptance of the contrary. 

It is wrong on the part of Bhavaviveka to suggest that 
the repudiation of the Sankhya theory of causation by a mere 



( 25 > 

deduction ad absurdum involves acceptance of the opposite 
theory, viz., that cause and effect represent two different 

substances. 

The only result of our deduction is to repudiate the theory 
of our opponent. It is not at all implied that we accept the 
converse of the theory. 

XIX. Examination Of BhavaviVcka’s Formal Argument 

Against The Sankhya. 

Bhavavivefca has composed the following syllogism to 
combat the Sankhya theory of Causality. 

Thesis—Mental phenomena, if considered from the trans¬ 
cendental standpoint, are no new productions of the same 
substance. 

Reason—Because they exist. 

Example—Just as the conscious principle of the Sankhya 
which is an eternal unchanging entity. 

Major Premise—Whatsoever already exists is not a new 
self-production. 

In this syllogism, what is the use of the qualification 'from 
the transcendental standpoint We deny the identity of 
cause and efffect from the phenomenal point of view also. . 

Therefore the formal argument of Bhavaviveka is 
faulty. 

XX. Blwaaviveka 's Argument Assailed From The Standpoint 

Of Formal Logic. 

From the standpoint of formal logic, Bhavaviveka's argu¬ 
ment contains either paksdosa (faulty thesis), since it will 
refer to something, i. e. transendental reality of mental pheno¬ 
mena which he himself does not accept as real or asrqya asi- 
ddha hem dosa (faulty reason) which will then refer to some¬ 
thing equally unreal. 

The argument is wrong, either from the standpoint of its- 
author for whom separate mental phenomena are not real. 



( 26 ) 

or from the standpoint of those to whom it is addressed, 
because they do not admit any difference between phenomenal 
and absolute reality 

XXI. Another Attempt 0 / Bhavaviveka To Vindicate 
His Argument. 

Bhavaviveka says that the fallacy pointed out in his 
argument will not be correct, since he is taking the syllogism 
m question as referring m general terms to the relation , 
between a fact (e. g. mental phenomena) and one of its 
characteristics (viz j existence) without taking into consi¬ 
deration the special theories about the nature of mental pheno¬ 
mena or the essence of existence 

As m the case of the evanescent character of sound, only 
the relation of this characteristic to the characterised substra¬ 
tum in general terms is taken into account, even so in the 
present case, the mere fact that there is some substratum 
(called sensations), should be taken 111 general, without enter¬ 
ing into details whether it be a phenomenal 01 absolute 
existence 

Bhavaviveka's argument is not sound, for m the present 
case it is just the existence of such a general substratum that is 
denied. It is denied even by Bhavaviveka himself. His atm is 
to deny Causality. In denying every causality, he is, at the 
same time, denying its substratum (the caused thing), the 
substance of the thing produced, converting it in a thing 
which owes its existence to mere illusion. 

Since for the transcendentalist, in what he considers to be 
absolutely real, there is no room for non-reality, Bhavaviveka’s 
syllogism would be meamngless.He takes the phenomenal 
visual sensations and other mental phenomena as a minor term 
(the subject of his deduction), He thus cannot escape the 
criticism that his thesis is logically impossible, since it refers 
to a non-entity, or that his middle term is contradictory, since 
it appertains to an unreal substratum The syllogism would be 
equivalent to the assertion that non-evtstmg things do not 
arise out of themselves, because they exist 



{ 27 ) 

XXI1. Bhavaviveka Also Avails Himself Of the Argument 
That for the Montst All Individual 
Existence ts Unreal. 

When the Hfnayamst maintains that 'causes and conditions 
•which produce mental phenomena ically exist’ Bhavaviveka 
assails his argument on the ground that if the word 'cause 
m the above statement is taken in the phenomenal sense, 
the reason has no ultimate reality, if it is taken in the 
transcendental snese, then as Nagarjuna has pointed out, there 
is altogether no efficient causality. 

By adopting this Ime of argument, Bhavaviveka has him¬ 
self admitted the unreality of every leason from the trans¬ 
cendental standpoint. 

In certain other syllogisms given by Bhavaviveka, the 
middle term is faulty. 

In another case, Bhavaviveka admits that the transcend- 
entahst has to forego usual logical methods. 

In certain other syllogisms adduced by Bhavaviveka, one 
may notice the unreality of the reasons. 

XXIII. Another Formal Error in the Syllogism Of 
Bhavaviveka 

The reason, viz., "because the mental phenomena exist” 
is uncertain from the standpoint of the Sankhya. 

XXIV. The Mvdhyamika Repudiates His Opponent on 
Principles Admitted By Him. 

It may be objected that all the arguments of the Mahya- 
nnka will also be wrong, because the reasons adduced by 
bim will either be non-entities themselves, or they will repre¬ 
sent something pertaining to a non-entity. 

The Madhyamika says is reply that he does not resort to 
direct proof by syllogism. His orguments are advanced on the 
besis of the principles admitted by his opponents and they are 
meant only to repudiate the tenets of his opponents. 



( 28 ) 

XXV. Logical Refutation On The Basis Of Facts 
Admitted By Only One Party. 

If logical refutation is to be done on principles admitted 
by only one party, it must be on the basis of the principles 
admitted by yourself, not on the basis of principles admitted 
by your opponent. 

XXVI. Denial of Causality Through A Separate Substance. 

Entities do not arise out of something different from them. 
Because they do not pre-exist m something else, they cannot 
be produced out of it. 

Buddhapalita rightly says that entities cannot arise out 
of something different from them, since it would follow that 
every thing could then arise out of any thing. 

Bhovavivelca assails this by saying that it is mere deducho 
ad absurdttm but we have shown above that a deducho ad 
absurdum is a valid proof. 

XXVII. Combined Causality Denied 

Nor do entities arise out of both oontmuant stuff and 
separate factors, since all the incongruity attaching to each 
of these hypotheses separately will be applicable to their 
combination ' 

XXVIII. No Pluralistic Universe Without Causation 

As Buddhapalita has said the entities of this world can 
not arise without any cause, since everything would then be 
possible at any time, and in any place. 

BhSvaviveka’s criticism of this point is entirely trivial. 

XXIX. Causality Through The Will of God. 

Nor can God be said to be the cause of this World, for God 
also is to be included in one of the alternatives already 
discussed and dismissed. 

Therefore the doctrine of Dependent Origination (or 
Relativity) with its characteristics of no real origination etc. 
is established. 



( 29 ) 

XXX. Mah&yana And Hinayana Contrasted. 

The Hinayanist says that if the principle of Dependent 
•origination is to be interpreted only as a principle of 
Relativity, and not real Causality, how arc the deliverances 
-of Buddha to be explained, for they assume Causality. 

Buddha says that the forces of life are influenced in this 
world by illusion and desire. When these are suppressed in 
Nirvana, they become extinct. This suggests the reality of 
the force of illusion and of Nirvana. 

Similarly there are other utterances of Bnddha which go 
to show that he believed in real Causality. 

The Mahayanist replies that it is for this very reason that 
Nagarjuna has composed this Treatise on Relativity in order 
to show the real and conventional meaning of the scriptures. 
All the utterances of Buddha mentioning the principle of 
Dependent Origination do not refer to the pure essence of the 
objects which reveals itself when the derkness of our ignorance 
is dispelled. 

There are other utterances of Buddha which refer to 
absolute reality, e. g., 

“The permanent Reality, Brethren, is Nirvana. All the 
combined forces of phenomenal life are illusion” etc. 

XXXI. The Direct And Indirect 'Meaning of Buddha's Words. 

It must be borne mmmd that certain words of the Buddha 
are mtSrika i. e. they have a direct meaning, and certain 
words are neysrtha 1 . e. thay have only indirect or conven¬ 
tional meaning. 

In general terms, it must be said that those discourses 
which have been delivered m order to teach ihe path of 
salvation (mSrgdoatSraya) are ncyartha* (conventional), those 
which are delivered in order to teach the final result {plmla- 
Vaiardya) are also neySrtha* (metaphorical or conventional) 

* Stcherbatsky considers the discourses delivered to teach 
the final result to be ntt&rtha The text published by 
the Mithita vidyapitha calls this also neySrtha. Probably 
Stcherbatsky had a different reading before him. 




( 30 ) 


those discourses which specif} the entrance mto that kind of 
final Deliverance which is Relativity, where there is no 
separate object, no profound meditation, no volition, no birth, 
no causation, no existence, no Ego no living creature, no 
mdiuidual soul, no personality, and no lord arc mtdrtha 
(having direct meaning) 

This is why in order to show that doctrine which admits 
causality is wrong, Nagarjuna has undertaken to consider the 
doctrine of pratttya-samulpada or Dependent Origination 

XXXII. How Is The Molal Law To Be Vindicated in An 
Unreal world > 

If there is no real causation, and the plurality of the 
elements of life is a mere illusion, it will follow that wicked 
actions do not exist and so the moral law will become useless 
in an unreal world. 

The answer is that so long as one is steeped in the world 
of duality, in illusion, the moial law has its usefulness. Once 
one has risen above duality, above the pairs of opposites, 
above illusion, he does not need to be regulated by a law. 

Illusion is a condition of complete error m regard to all 
elements of existence So long as illusion is not perceived as 
illusion, it becomes reality to us 

Hell and heaven are the product of imagination Just as 
in sleep we dream that w r e are suffering from the horrors of 
hell, but on awakening find that there was no hell, even so 
illusion is like the state of sleep, and in that condition we 
experience all the suffering, but once we are awakened to 
reality, there is no suffering whatsoever 

The separate entities of the phenomenal world have no 
real independent existence of their own. To people who are 
misled by their own subjective illusions, they becoms a source 
of moral defilement. 



( 31 ) 

XXXIII. The Twelve Member ed Causal Senes Refer* to The 
Phenomenal World. 

The Hinayanlst objects that if there is no caution. How 
ts the causal senes taught by Buddha to be undeistood The 
reply of the Madhyamika is that it is the phenomenal point 

of view (samvrti), it is not absolute reality [tattvam). Pheno¬ 
menalism is only the fact of Univeisal Relativity {PralUya- 
samulpdda matram). 


XXXIV. Controversy About the Validity of Logic. 

Logician—You cannot assert the separate entities are not 
caused. If you have the right to say that all elements of 
existence are uncaused, others have a right to maintain that 
whatsoever exists has a cause 


Madhyamika—Ours is a system of Universal Relativity. 
There is no room in it for an assertive judgement. 

Logician—But your proposition, viz., 'entities arise neither 
out of themselves, nor out of something different, not out of 
both, nor at random, looks like a definite assertion. 

Madhyamika—This statement of ours appears decisive to 
simple people who interpret everything according to arguments 
familiar to them, but not to saints who can intuit absolute 
reality. 

Logician-Do saints believe m no argument ? 


Madhyamika - Saints remain silent about the Absolute. 
Logician—If samts do not use arguments how do they 
convey their idea of the Absolute to simple folk ? 


Madhyamika—Samts do not use their own arguments. 
They just use the arguments that appeal to simple folk and 
convey the truth by methods which simple folk can under¬ 
stand 


Logician But causality exists because such is our direct 
experience, 

Madhyamika—But a man suffering from ophthalmia has 



( 32 ) 

the direct experience of a donble moon. Even so the direct 
experience of a man suffering from ignorance is misleading. 

It has been proved by the negative method that entities 
of the phenomenal world have never originated It will now 
be shown in the light of Relativity that particular characteris¬ 
tics of the so-called real entities are not real. 

XXXV. Controversy with The Buddhist Logician Continued 

The Buddhist Epistemologists maintain that they are 
only giving a scientific description of what just happens m 
common life, m regard to the sources of knowledge and their 
respective objects ; they do not consider their transcendental 
reality. The Naiyayikas have given wrong definitions There¬ 
fore they consider it their duty to give the right ones. 

The Madhyamika replies that Nagarjuna in his “Repudia¬ 
tion of Contests’' rightly says that if every cognition of an 
object depends on reliable sources of knowledge, and these 
sources being obj'ects cognised by us m their turn depend on 
other sources of knowledge, we shall be landed into a regres- 
stis ad infinitum. 

XXXVI. Critique of the Notion of An Absolute Particular 
Point-instant. 

The Logician says that by essence we nedd not mean a 
characteristic but the object characterized The Madhyamika 
replies that firstly this is not the commonly accepted notion 
of essence Secondly if it is suggested that the point-instant 
is characterized by our awareness of it, then it would mean 
that the single point-instant contains a double aspect—the 
thing characterized and its characteristic. There will then be 
a double particular essence, one of which will be the thing 
characterized and the other will be the characteristic If our 
awareness of the point-instant represents its characteristic, 
the thing characterized i. e. the objective side of the relation 
will represent something different from its characteristic. If 
it is maintained that this second aspect is in its turn also a 



( 33 / 

thing characterized, it will then require some other thing as 
a characteristic. This will lead to regress 
XXXVII. Introspection 

The Logician says that the consciousness which represents 
our awareness of a point-instant is apprehended by intros¬ 
pection. It thus contains inherent objectivity and immanent 

cognizability. 

The MSLdhyamika says that the theory of Introspection 
has already been refuted in Madhyamakavatara. Consci¬ 
ousness arises when there is an object. Does it mean that 
consciousness is one thing and the object another or that they 
are identical ? In the first case, wc shall have a double 
consciousness. If they are identical, it is not possible to 
cognize consciousness through consciousness Consciousness 
cannot know itself as an object). 

XXXVIII. The Discussiott About The Point-instant Resumad 

The Madhyamika puts a further question. Is in the thing 
which is its own essence any difference between the essence and 
the thing possessing that essence or is there none ? In the 
first case, the essence will be different from the thing, and 
it will cease to be its essence, and the thing being detached 
from its essence will just be nothing. 

If the thing and its essence are identical, the thing chara¬ 
cterized ceases to be characterized. 

The Logician says that just as Madhyamika asserts that 
ultimate reality is unspeakable, even so it can be said that 
the relation between the thing characterized and its chara- 
teristic is unspeakable. 

The Madhyamika says that unspeakability cannot apply to 
a dichotomy like "this is the characteristic; this is the thing 
characterized”. It has been proved that both the alternatives 
taken independently are unreal. 



( C4 ) 

XXXIX 2 s There A Cogntser * 

The question now is w betlicr there is a cognizing agent. 
The Logician says that he does not admit the reality of a cog¬ 
nizing soul, but the element of pure sensation may be consi¬ 
dered as an agent 

The Madbyamika says that even pure sensation cannot be¬ 
taken as an agent, for the function of pure sensation is to- 
indicate the mere presence of something. 

XL Vindication of Phenomenal Reality 

The gist of the long argument in this section is the 
following 

The Logician maintains that there is such a thing as- 
si'nlahsaiia or the thing-m-itself which does not involve any 
possessne relation, but is only a conventional verbal expres¬ 
sion as in 'the head of Rahu’. Just as in this expression, the 
head is not something sepaiate from Rahu and possessed by 
him, but Rahu is nothing else except the head itself, even so 
■we can say that "solidity is the exclusive essence [si alaksar a) 
of solid bodies ” 

The Madhyamika says that the cases are not similar. In 
the first case (viz, head of Rahu), it is only a conventional way 
of speech In the latter case, there cannot be solid bodies 
apart from the sense-datum of resistance ( k&thiny&di 1 There 
is no substance in solid bodies over and above the quality of 
resistance Substance and quality are merely corelative 
terms. The substance has no separate, independent existence 
apart from the quality In the example viz head of Rahu, 
there is no mutual interdependence of two phenomenal 
realities Therefore this example cannot be applied to subs¬ 
tance and quality. 

The tbing-in-itsdf (soalahsana) is no exception to the law 
of Universal Relativity. The phenomenal is real only in the- 
sense of relative reality. 



( 35 ) 

XLI. The Definition of Sense Perception 
Dignfiga and his followers define perception as Kalpan&podho 
i.e. pure passive sensation free from any constructive thought. 
The Mndhyamika criticizes this defnition on the ground that 
this is mere abstraction. In actual concrete preception, there 
is always an element of thought. Therefore from the pheno¬ 
menal point of view the common-sense view of perception (as 
that which is present to the senses) is the correct one 

XLII. The Hinayarta Theory of Causation Examined 
The HInayanist says that out of the four-cornered dialectic 
of the Mahayanist, he agrees with three, viz. (1) that entities 
cannot arise out of themselves (na svala utpattk), (21 that they 
cannot arise out of both sources [na dvabhyam utpatHh) l e. out 
of pre-existing stuff and separate agents.) (3) that they cannot 
come into being at random i.e without any cause [na ahetutnh), 
but he says he cannot concur in the fourth alternative viz., 
that they cannot arise out of something separate from them 
[na parata ulpattih) 

The Hinayanist avers that the Buddha himself said that 
existing things are produced by causes, and that the causes 
are different from the things produced There arc only four 
conditions or pratyayas which being about anything viz [1) 
its cause or hetu (2) i+s objective condition or dlambatia (3 ) 
the immediately foregoing condition for the production of the 
result samanantara and (4) the decisive or predominant 
condition which is efficient to bring about the result or 
adlnpahpratyaya . There is no fifth condition hke God, Time 
etc. Entities arise under these conditions which are not iden¬ 
tical with the thing prodneed 

The Madhyamika says that entities are also not produced 
Out of conditions which are separate from them (naparalet 
utpatlih) If the produced entities had any pr-existence in the 
causes and conditions which are separate from them, then 
alone could they appear out of them, but they are not 
perceived to be pre-existing. Therefore the conditions of an 



{ 36 ) 

•entity do not contain any real existence of the result. If the 
effect is different from the cause, there would be lack of 
relation between the two. In that case, anything may produce 
anything whatsoever 

XLIII The Existence of Separate Energies Denied 

There are some philosophers who maintain that entities 
may not be produced out of other entities, called causes; they 
may originate through special energies. For instance the organ 
of vision, colours etc, mry not be producing visual sensation; 
there may be some energy inherent in them that may be pro¬ 
ducing this sensation. Similar is the case with physical energy 
e. g. heat producing cooked rice. 

The Madhyamika says that the plea of energy also will not 
-do. If the supposed energy appears when the sensation 
already exists, it is useless. Is or can the existence of an energy 
be assumed m the causes previous to the sensation produced, 
for the energy cannot take shape as long as the result is 
absent. Nor can the existence of an energy be possible at the 
moment of production, for a thing is either produced or not 
produced. There is no existence between these two moments 
Therefore, no such energy production of effects exists 

XLIV. Causation Is Not Co-ordination 

The Hinayanist says that whether causes possess energy 
-or not, the fact remains that entities, such as sensation, arise 
in co-ordination with other entities, e. g the organ of vision. 
This is all that is meant by saying that the existence of an 
organ of vision etc are the conditions under which a visual 
•sensation etc. can arise. 

Nagarjuna says that npto the moment when the socalled 
' Tesult, eg, visual sensation arises, the organ of vision etc. 
will be only non-causes, and nothing can be produced out of 
non-causes 

NSgarjuna urges a further argument. An organ of vision etc. 
is supposed to be the causes of visual sensation etc., but the 



( 37 ) 

qeustion that arises is—whether there are causes of existing 
sensation or of a sensation not yet existing. If a sensation is 
already existing, it is useless to assume some cause producing 
it. If is non-existing, how can it have a cause ? If it is said 
that it is called cause m anticipation, for the present it is only 
a latent force, the reply of the Madhyamika is that the assump¬ 
tion of latent energy has already been examined and shown 
to be hollow. 

XLV. The Cau&e-CondiHon 

Nagarjuna is now examining the foul cause-factors of 
the Hinayanist. The firsf is the hetu-pratyaya or cause- 
condition. 

The Hinayanist says that the notion of a cause-condition 
{hetu-pratyaya) is very well established. It is agreed on all 
hands that a cause-condition is that which praduces or effects 
something. Therefore cause must be accepted. 

The MSdfayamika says that the existent (Ens) is not produ¬ 
ced, because it exists. The non-existent (non-Ens) cannot be 
produced, because it does not exist. The two together cannot be 
produced because they are mutually contradictory. Since there 
is no production of effects, there is no sense in accepting causes. 

XLVI. The Object—A Condition of Mental Phenomena 

The second condition-factor of the Hinayanist is alatnbana 
Pratyaya or objective counterpart. Nagarjuna says that pure, 
indefinite sensation (citta), and definite mental phenomena 
(Caitla) are said to have an objective counterpart or objective 
condition (of the mental element). The question is whether 
the objective condition is assumed for sensation already 
existing or for sensation not yet produced. If the sensation is 
already existing, the objective condition is useless. Iftha 
sensation is not yet existing, it wonld be absurd to imagine 
that it combines with an object. 

It may be asked how is it then that a sensation or mental 
phenomena refers to an object. Nag&rjuna rephes that this is 
only samvrta or empirical not paramsrthtka or absolute. 



( 38 ) 

XLVI 1 . The Causa Malerialts Denied 

The third condition-factor of the HTnayanist is samanantara 
pratyaya or the disappearance of the immediately preceding 
condition. 

It is maintained by the Hinayanist that the disappearance 
of the immediately preceding condition is the cause of the 
following effect, e. g , when the seed is destroyed i. e when 
the seed as seed disappears then does the sprout appear. 
Nagarjuna says that if the seed disappears, it becomes non¬ 
existent. How then can a non-existent factor be the cause of 
any thing whatsoever ? 

XLVIII The Special Cause Also Dented 

The fourth condition factor of the Hinayanist is adlnpali 
pratyaya or predominant or special condition 

According to Hinayana, an aihipalv pratyaya or predomi¬ 
nant condition is that special factor which being present, the 
effect inevitably follows 

Hie Hinayanist says that it is a matter of common know¬ 
ledge that a piece of cloth is produced out of threads, so the 
existence of threads 15 a necessary condition for the existence 
of a piece of cloth 

The Mahayamst says that the cloth exists neither in 
the threads, nor in the weaver’s brush, nor in his loom, nor 
in the shuttle, nor in the pins nor other causes taken singly, 
and from a plurality of causes a plurality of effects would 
be expected Since the cloth does not exist in any one of 
its parts singly, it docs not exist m all of them taken together. 
Since there is no such thing as an effect in the strict sense 
of the word, the existence of causes as separate entities can¬ 
not be admitted 

The Hinayanist says that the result is not something 
outside its causes, the presence of the whole complex of the 
causes of a given event is equivalent to the production of 
the event. 



( 39 ) 

The Madhyamika says that the so-called causes are them- 
-selvcs not independent realities. They have no svabkava ‘own 
being’ or independent realities. 

So there is no such thing as a cause-possessing result. 

The Hinayiinist says that it is admitted by all that there 
is regularity in the world according to which certam facts are 
co-ordinated and others are not so co-ordinated. The cloth 
is co-ordinated with straw, and the mat is co-ordinated with 
straw, not with threads. 

The Mahayamst says that from the transcendental point 
of view, neither the event, nor the cause has an independent 
reality of its own All things in the world are only relative. 

CHAPTER XXV 
Examination of Nirvana 

I. The Hinay&mstte Nirvana Rejected 

According to Hinay&na, personalities that have lived a pure 
life and have acquired knowlege of the elements of existence 
as taught by the Buddha can attain Nirvana There are two 
kinds of Nirvaiia—(1) Sopadhisesa Nirvana-Nirvana in lifetime 
m which the residual substratum of the five iipadaiiaskandhas 
remains and (2) NirupadhiSesa Nirvana without any residue. 

These two kinds of Nirvana are possible only when there 
is mrodha or suppression of (X) hle&as (defilements, obstruc¬ 
tions) in the sopMhtse&a. Nirvana and of (2) skandhas (groups 
of elements making a personality) in the nirupMJitscsa 
Nirvana If every thing is iiinya (devoid of independent 
reality ), there would be neither kleSa nor skandha by whose 
Suppression Nirvana may be attained 

The Madhyamika says that if the hleias and ( skandhas} are 
absolutely real, if they have an "own-being” (svabtova) of 
their own, then their "own-being” ( soabnava ) cannot disap¬ 
pear. If they camot deisappear, now can there be Nirvana on 
the Hlnayamstic assumption ? 



v 40 ) 

The Madhyamika does not advance a conception of Nirvana 
consisting m the annihilation of the elements. Hence this 
incongruity cannot apply m his case. 

II. The Mdhayantsttc Nirvana 

According to the Madhyamika, Nirvana is that indefinable 
essence which can neither be extinguished as c. g, a desire, 
nor which can be attained as, e. g. a reward for renunciation, 
nor which can be attained as, e. g. a reward for renunciation, 
nor which can be annihilated, as, e, g. all the active elements 
of life, nor which is eternal, as e. g an absolute principle, 
whieh cannot really disappear, nor which can be produced 
Nirvana really means the Quiescence of all plurality 



Suppression of desire or the elements of existence ete. is 
simply a false construction of our imagination. It is really the 
suppression of the false construction of our imagination which 
is Nirvana. 

Desire, illusion etc. have no real existence m the absolute 
sense even m the phenomenal condition of life. 

Ill Nirvana Not Ait Ens (a partictar existing entity) 

There are people who imagine that Nirvana is a particular 
kind of existence (bh&va). 

Nagarjuna says that Nirvana is not a particular kind of 
existence ( bliava ) Every existence is invariably connected 
with decay and death. If Nirvaija is a bhdva (an existing entity) 
that would also be subject to decay and death 

All particular bhdvas (existiug entities ) are produced If 
Nirvana is a bJ&va, that would also be produced. All are 
agreed that Nirvana is not a particular kind of production. 

IV. Nirvana is Not-Ens (i non-existing entity) 

It may be said that if Nirvana is not an Ens, it must a 
non-Ens (abhciva), for it consists m the fact that the defiling 
elements (kleSas) and their consequence, the individual exist- 
euce is stopped. 



( 41 ) 

Nngarjuna says that this is impossible. If it is maintained 
that Ninana is the absence of defiling elements and individual 
existence, then the impermanence of the defiling elements and 
personal existence would attach to Nirvana, It would follow 
that impermanence is Nirvana. 

Again if Nirvana is considered to be a non-Ens (abhava), 
it cannot be independent, for every non-Ens (abhava) is 
dependent on its positive counter-part {bhSvd ). 

V. Ntrvam Is The World Viewed Sub specte Aetemitahs 

The phenomenal world consists of birth and death, appear¬ 
ance and disappearance All the so-called entities of the 
phenomenal world arc either dependent upon conditions (i e. 
they are real) just as long is real relatively to short or they 
are produced, just as the sprout is produced by the seed. 
In both cases when the continuity of birth has ceased, it is 
called Nirvana This cessation of phenomenal life is one view 
of Nirvana. The Madhyamika says that mere cessation of 
aspect can neither be considered as an Ens (bh&va), nor a non- 
Ens (abh&va) So Nirvana is neither an Ens nor a non-Ens. 

A second view of Nirvapa is the following. Some followers 
of the Buddha e. g. Sarv&stivadins maintain that in the 
universe, there is no abiding central principle, that the wond- 
process consists in the procession of co-ordinated energies. 
When all causal laws cease to operate when all energies are 
extinct, there is Nirvana. 

There is a third view of Nirvana like that of the Vdtslput- 
liyas which maintains that there is a central principle termed 
•personality' (pudgala) which passes from one existence into 
another. It is neither momentary nor eternal. It goes on 
evolving When the evolution of this principle stops, it is 
said to have entered Nirvana, 

Regarding the second and third view also, Madhyamika 
says that whether it be co-ordinated energies or some central 
principle, called "personalily”, the mere fact of their evolu- 



( 42 ) 

lion being stopped can neither be characterized as an Ens, nor 
a non-Ens, 

Nirvana {Absolute} and Samsara (phenomenal world) arc 
not two separate realities, nor two states oi the same reality, 
the Absolute viewed through thought=forms is the phenom¬ 
enal woild, the phenomenal world free of the thought-forms is 
Nirvana 01 the Absolute. Nirvana or the Absolute is the 
phenomenal world viewed sub specie aclcrnttahs : 

VI. Nifvhya Is Not Both Ens And Non-Ens together 

Some, as for example the Vaibhasikas assume a double 
character m Nin Tina. It is a non-Ens (abhava) in so far as the 
defiling elements (hleias) and the elements of existence are 
extinct in it. and m itself this lifeless condition is an Ens 

t 1 

(i bhava) So it is both an Ens and a non-Ens together. 

The Madhyamika says that this double character is impos¬ 
sible. A final Deliverance ( from phenomenal life ), and the 
energies (of phenomenal life) cannot be the same. 

If Nirvana were both Ens and non-Ens, it would be relative 
to the totality of causes and conditions. It would thus not be 
the Absolute Both Ens ( bhava ) and non-Ens ( abhava) are 

I ■ ^ ’ 

relative to eacli other. Nirvana is not within the realm of 
relativity. It is uncaused 

Again since Ens and non-Ens are mutually incompatible 
like light and daikness. Nirvana cannot be both Ens and 
non-Ens 

VII A r or Is Nrrvana A negation Of Both Ens And 
Non-Ens Together . 

Some may that Nirvana is neither an Ens nor a non-Ens 
No one knows what a real Ens or non-Ens is. Therefore their 
negation is absurd 

VIII The Real Buddha, What > 

Just as all the alternatives of the four-cornered dialectic 
are inapplicable to Nirvana, even so they are inapplicable to 
the Buddha. 



( 43 ) 

IX. Ultimate Identity Of The Phenomenal And The Absolute. 

Ultimately there is no difference between the phenomenal 
and the Absolute. The phenomenal in essence being nothing 
but the Absolute, it is impossible to imagine either its begin¬ 
ning or its end. 

X. The Antinomies. 

All the theories about these questions are inconsistent. 
They are mere antinomies of reason. The phenomenal and 
the Absolute are merged qmescent in the unity of the Whole. 
None of the alternatives of the four-cornered dialectic has 
ultimate reality. Every thing is "relative". Therefore ques¬ 
tions about the finite and the infinite, identity and difference, 
eternity and non-eternity are meaningless. 

XI. Conclusion 

Our bliss consists in the cessation of all conceptualization 
about Reality, in the quiescence of plurality. The Buddha 
really did not preach any doctrine about separate elements 




I 


i r, ' • • • ’' 

. I. • .PRELIMINARY. 

- Although a hundred years have elapsed since the 
scientific study of Buddhism has been initiated in 
Europe, we are nevertheless still in*'the dark about 
the fundamental teachings’ of this religion and its 
philosophy. Certainly no other religion .has proved- 
so refractory to clear formulation, t ]We are confronted 
with an intricate terminology about whose .meaning 
a variety of interpretation is current and which is 
often declared to be untranslatable or incomprehensible. 
In despair, some scholars were led to the conclusion that 
a religion or a philosophical system in India is not 
what it is in Europe, it is not a clear-cut construction 
of consistent speculation It is always vaguely in¬ 
definite, a display of dreamy thoughts about whose 
meaning their authors themselves, ate not quite sure 1 . 
In a recent work M. de la Yallde Poussin 8 has under¬ 
taken to reconsider the question about, the meaning 
of the Buddhist ideal of Nirvana., and he warns us 
from the outset that we have not to expect something 
very illuminating from the Indian sources 3 . For- 

1 The late Professor G- Buhlcr gathered from, a long intercourse 
-with Indian pandits m their own country a quite different 
impression Ho used to repeat to, his pupils when perplexed 
by some difficult texts, "was eiu Brahmanojgemacht hat, das 
muss heraus”, foi very often it is somethmg pimple and dear, 

hut expressed in a technical scienti fic termi nology. _ 

Etudes Bur rhistoiro des Religions, jB. Nirvana par, Louis de la. 
* Yallee-Pousam, Pans, 1926. j )( . , , , 

3 Op cit, p xi-xn. 



( * 1 


merly lie confesses, the idea of Nirvana seemed to him 
vague enough, but recently he has completely changed 
lus opinion upon this subject and thinks that even 
the hazy speculations which he was trying to disen¬ 
tangle are but later additions, that at the beginning 
Nnvana meant a simple liuth m soul’s immortality, 
its blissful survival m a paradise a faith emerging 
from practices of obscure magic 

In the following pages we will try to test the argu¬ 
ments by which this new interpretation is supported, 
and append some considerations about the vicissitudes 
of this Buddhist conception of the Absolute and the 
changes which, in our opinion, it underwent during 
the first thousand years of its history 

II BUDDHISM AND YOGA 
In the VI-V century B 0 at the time immedia¬ 
tely preceding the nse of Buddhism, India was seething 
with philosophic speculation A great variety of 
views and systems were springing up and actively 
propagated among the different classes of its popula¬ 
tion 1 Materialistic doctrines, denying every but 
vival of the individual after death and every retribu¬ 
tion for his moral or immoral deeds were widely spread. 
The orthodox Brahmarucal community was also di¬ 
vided. A part of it stuck to the old sacrificial religion 
which promised to its votaries the reward of a blissful 
existence m a celestial paradise Another part of 

1 Tins period coincides vuth a period of philosophic activity 
m China and m Greece , cf P Masson Onrsel * La Philosophic 
Conipareo, p 56 


- h. .A- - JT * 



( 3 ) 

it favoured, from an early date, a monistic view of 
the universe, and interpreted the reward of supreme 
bliss as the dissolution of the personality in an im¬ 
personal all-embracing Absolute. Later on some 
Brahmanical circles developed the idea of an eternal 
individual soul 1 which after having been bound 
up in many existences would return to its genuine con¬ 
dition of a pure spirit as a reward for accumulated 
merit. 

Between the materialists who denied retribution 
and the cternalists who imagined a return to a pure 
spiritual condition, Buddha took a midd'e course 
From the etemalists he borrowed the doctrine of 
a gradual accumulation of spiritual merit through a 
series of progressing existences, but he was averse to 
their doctrine of an eternal spiritual principle. 

As far as we can understand his philosophic posi¬ 
tion, it seems that he was deeply impressed by the 
•contradiction of assuming an eternal, pure, spiritual 
principle which, for incomprehensible reasons, must 
have been polluted by all the filth of mundane exis¬ 
tence m order, later on, to revert to its original purity. 
He was thus led to a denial of every permanent prin¬ 
ciple. Matter and mind appeared to him as split in 
an infinite process of evanescent elements (Dharmas), 
the only ultimate realities, betides space and annihi¬ 
lation The conception of an impersonal world- 
process was probably prepared by the idea of an 
impersonal uniq ue substance of the world, as developed 

1 Cp. H Jacobi. Die Ind. Philosophic in Das Licit- des Osfccns 
p 160 f. 


( *i ) 

in the Upani$ads, Thq analysis of the \yorld,into- 
its elements,of matter,and mind,was,probably, to a 
certain extent,, prepared by .the wpjjk of, the. Sankhya 
school. The originality of .Buddha's,position,.consis¬ 
ted in denying, substantiality altogether,, apd concert¬ 
ing the \TOrld7pr0ccss m, a concerted appearanpe 
of discrete evanescent elements. JTorsaking the.mo¬ 
nism and the dnahsm of the Simlchyas, he esta¬ 
blished a system of the most radical pluralism That 
the essence and the starting point of Buddhism wore 
speculative appears very clearly, if we give credit to- 
the records about the other wandering teachers who- 
were the contemporaries of Buddha and often engaged 
in controversies with him The questions at issue 
between them were of a speculative nature * Ethical 
questions, the explanation of retribution, were predo¬ 
minant, but they always were narrowly linked toge¬ 
ther with some system of ontology and some doctrine 
of a final release* 

If we moke an effort wholly to realise the position) 
of a philosopher to whom the universe presented 
itself as an infinite process of separate elements of 
matter and mind, appearing and disappearing, without 
any real personalities, nor any permanent substances, 
and if we bear in mind that this philosopher was 
eagerly seeking for a theoretical basis on which to es¬ 
tablish morality, we must confess that for our habits 
of thought, his position was not an easy one Striving 
to escape the contradiction of etemahty, of monism 


1 Cf tho information about the wandering teachers collected by 
B 0 Law, Historical Gleanings, oh II and III (Calcutta, 1922) 



( 5 ) 


■and 'Of Matefialism' he was landed in what, from out 
•standpoint, was a fresh contradiction, the contradic¬ 
tion of a mere 1 daw without a personality on whom 
tins law would be binding, and ot a salvation without 
altogether th^existehce of somebody'entitled to reach 
that-goal which,’ we, more or less" generally, under¬ 
stand unde'r salvatibii "' l '* 

i I «'* * ’• * J 11 • **» 

t , ,We will letter,understand the solution at wliich 
Buddha, arriv.ed, if we take into account' a specific 
Indian,habit of mind} its idea of quiescehce as the only 
real hhsB which life can afford. The Buddhist saint 
•(arya) regards the life of the-worldling as an unhappy 
existence of.constant turmoil. 'His aim is to escape 
from the movement of phenomenal hfo-into a state of 
absolute quiescence," a condition in Which' all emotion 
and-all. concrete thought is stopp'ed.- for ever. The 
means of- attaining this quiescence as-.profound medi-* 
tation {yoga), the-technique-of which;, was developed 
in India 'at a very eddy date* *• • ■ ' 


» • | J i l » t »• t ■ i •- ^1 • 4 * 

The picture of the universe which suggested itself 
-to the mental eye of the Buddha^ represented thus 
an infinite number of separate evaiifesc^nt entities in 
a'state 'of begnmingtess commotion^’ bpt gradually 
steering to quiesbence and to an absolute 'a nnihila tion 
of all life, when all its elements haye been, one after 

* '»{ i i 

another, brought to a standstill This ideal received 
a multitude of designations among'whom the name of 


Nin r ana‘was the most appropriate to express anni¬ 
hilation.,, The ,thrift ,was probably pre-Buddhistic and 
was formedy applied to the Brahmamcal ideal of the 



( » ) 

dissolution of tlic individual in the universal whole 

(biahma-Hirrfina) 1 . 

The lcwnrd for it virtuous life ami a strict obser¬ 
vance of nil religious duties consisted for the orthodox 
Hrahmin in a blissful survival in heaven. For the 
Hrahmanicnl menial it. <oi»Msted in being merged 
in the lmjM'iaoiml absolute The Buddhist eotdd 
piomisc nothing else than quieacenee of life ami its- 
final annihilation, a result which, taken by ltsell. 
was not wry remote from wlial was offered hv 
simple materialism The latter piomised annihilation 
after even* life. Buddha promised likewise annihila¬ 
tion hut after a long series of eflorts in virtue and 
concentrated meditation. This result eould not but 
strike as strange, not to European seliokus alone. Al¬ 
though the denial of a soul ns a separate substance it 
cpnlc familiar to them, yet they were not picparcd to 
find it dearly stated at so early a date, in so remote 
a country and not in .1 system of scepticism, hut m a 
rchgion Numerous were also the Indian voices which 
protested against such radical denial of personal 
identity. 

In the Buddhist community itself, it provoked 
opposition which grew ever stronger and resulted, 500- 
years after the demise of the master, m what may he 
called u quite new religion, reposing on a quite 
different philosophic foundation. 

1 Cf the information by IS Seiurl in Album Kern, p 101, aniT 
J Dnlilmnn*, in Nirvutjn (Berlin 18%) and in Dio Sln-khjii 
Philosophic (Berlin 1802) Sennit's characteristic “un mmplo 
equivalent de brahma" w right, ns will l>c seen, in regard of tin* 
3tnhSynnistio Nirvana only 



( 7 ) 


The apparent contradictions of early Buddhism 
have been variously explained. It was assumed eithoi 
tha t Buddha did not care for speculation or that he, 
like many other founders of religion, was incapable of 
clear logical thinking. Wc are now presented with 
an attempt to reconstruct a kind of Buddhism which 
had no speculative tendencies at all and to ascribe 
the philosophic part of it to a later date to which the 
final constitution of the Pali canon belongs. 

It is thus assumed that there has been a primitive 
Buddhism, veiy much different, even, as it would seem 
quite contrary to what later on finds its expression 
in the Pah canon. Pessimism, nihilism, soul-denial, 
psychology without a soul, annihilation as ultimate 
end, all these features that mark out Buddhism among 
other religions, Indian as well as non-Indian, did not 
east 1 . It was the Buddhism of Buddha himself which 
vas so radically different from anything that appeared 
later, in historical times, as Buddhism. The con¬ 
sequence of the hypothesis of a simple creed preceding 
historical Buddhism, is an attempt to interpret the 
latter in the light of the former. 

But it all. or almost all, the doctrines contained 
in our oldest documents are later inventions, what 
is it then that Buddha has taught and what in the III 
and II century B.C —for this is probably the date 
which is assigned to the Pali canon in its final form— 
was superseded by another, reconstructed, Buddhism 
We have a definite answer. It is Yoga This only 
1 PP. 17, 27, 32-24, 46, 52, 115-11G, 125, 129, 132, etc 



( 8 } 


partlj r solves tlie' difficulty, because if we* are 
asked what Yoga is, we are told that one feels uneasy 
when asked such’ a question, “anen de plus malaise? 
Nevertheless, on the next page, we arc in¬ 
formed that Yoga is nothing but vulgar magic and 
thaumaturgy coupled* with hypnotic pi notices. This 
would mean that Buddha ‘was not a follower of some 
philosophic system‘iiv the genre of Patanjali s where 
the psyoholdgy of trance plays a conspicuous pail 
for the solution of definite problems, but that he was 
an ordinary magician who certainly did not think of 
denying the existence pl| a soul or of establishing a 
psychology u;itliout, a soul, or of being a pessimist 
Not only is it assei^ed that yoga practices existed in 
India previously ,to, the rise of Buddhism—this of 
course, is vei.y, pipbablq— but it looks as though the 
author were, prepared, to, maintain that Buddhism 
itself, the, .ggnninej Buddhism of Bnddha, nay that 
even the Pah capop, t contains nothing but obscure 
thaumaturgy 1 ., ,I[pw else could one understand, the 
following -vpryi explicit deliverances * “The ..yoga 
out of which Buddhism was pipduced had no specula¬ 
tive tendencies” (p 63), i c it was “a technical routine 

in itself quite foreign'to every mttfai religious 'or phi- 
___ 1,1 * __ > . 

1 A similm tendenfcy is displayed in another recent book, Ai B 
Keith, Budjlhist,. Philosophy in_ India and Ceylon (Oxford, 
1923} Buddhism ls^hgre represented as a piodnct of a "bar¬ 
barous age" (p 267}, Bnddha as a “magician of a trivial and 
vulgai kind" (p 29) Buddhist philosophical conceptions as lacking 
“both system .-and maturity, a fact historically-reflected in the 
Negativism of,the.Mahsyann,’ |p 1) > -> 




losopluc view 5 (p-12) 1 It was,.m a word,-.magic 
and, tliaumaturgy. “In this condition', he, in.the 
condition of a yoga -without speculative-tendencies 
“has the Buddhism of the Hmayana remained, beginn¬ 
ing from the Maltavagga up to Buddhaghosa, viz. 
it was a, yoga almost without any aUo r ” (p. 53) 2 . 

Here we beg leave to remark that the case of In¬ 
dian philosophy would really be a desperate one if 

1 Similar opinions were expressed In H Beck ‘ Der gnnze Bnddluv 
iliuaist durcli und dutch rnchbs. nls Yoga, (Buddhismus, II, p 11) 
Ed Lohmn.i (Buddhismus p 49) IvT. Soderblojn (La vie future, 
p. 397 f), Fi Heilei (Die Buddlnstiche Ycrsenkung, p. 7 et 
pabBiru) They are all more oi les-, mvstacs They imagine to 
have found m Buddhism something congenial with their own 
emotions' Buddhist mj sticism is foi them hardlv distinguishable 
from Christian dev otion, (cp Heller, op cit, p 51 f, p Cl f, 
p. 66) The identification of Buddhism and Yoga by M- de 
. la V P seems t<5 be mspued by -quite different feeluigs, he 
therefore converts Buddhism into magic oi sorceiy 
3 M. de la Vallee Ponssin trie-, to impress on his readers that he 
. finds himself in agreement with M E ^enai t, as fai as I can 
see, with .but little foundation The origin of Buddhism was 
, formerly sought in some kind of Upamsad ideology or some 
Sankhya ideas M Senart lias shown, (B H.B mt 42, p 345) 
.that Hie coincidences with the yoga of L Pntanjoli nie much more 
numerous and striking Although this, .work is now proved 
* (by H -Jacobi, see JAO.S 31, I ff) to be much iater. (;han 
H. Senart assnnjed and, in some points at least, had itself been 
influenced by Buddhism, nevertheless the coincidences pointed 
. ortt-by M Senart mo solid facts, winch nobody, is likely; to 
■deny. They can bo now supplemented r m that sense the yoga 
ideas have fouud their way into many ofiher,Indian systems as 
well- Senart’s mam, result (ibid p 3{34) 1 understand to .refer 
to pre-Buddhistic conditions 




( 10 , 


a conception so familiar in it, so fundamental, so 
thoroughly developed in every possible detail, a con¬ 
ception to which a whole system is specially devoted, 
were something vague and undefinable. Yoga is 
defined as concentrated thought (sarnddhi) or fixing 
the attention on a single point ( ekagratd ) and doing 
it persistently { punch punah cetasi mve-ianam). 
It is synonymous with iUiyana and samapath which 
mean the same 1 According to a peculiarity of the 
Sanskrit language all these terms can be used in an 
objective sense (karma- sadhana.) in an instrumental 
sense ( karana-sadhana ) or m a locative sense { adhi - 
karana-sadhana) 2 Yoga and samadhi thus mean 


1 The subtle difference between these terms asumed in V S II 
29 and III 2-i, 11, rendered by Prof. J. II Woods as “singleness 
of intent, contemplation and concentration,' as well as the de¬ 
finition of yoga as the “restriction of the fluctuations of the mind- 
stuff ’ ibid. 12 are a peculiarity of that system Prof M Anesato 
and Prof J Tnkakuhu, ERE S V dhyuna, assume that samadhi 
is the result, arhatship, and dhi/Sna one of the means But 
j that is against Ab Kosabh ad VIII 1, where samapaUi-dhyana 
“concentration” Is distinguished from iipapatti- dhydno “existence 
* in a mystic world" That samadhi has also a general meaning 
OUis clear from its position among the cilia maha-Vhfimilas where it 


defined as cilia elagralfi, of my Central Conception, p 100 
..hen concentrated meditation here on earth is contrasted with 
111 ltsfc ^ m aQ jmagmgj higher world of eternal trance the terms 
1 4 similfl^ 1 aa ^ v P a P at ^ t nre respectively used, the first is explained, 

” apatlt smoras par hjug-pa, cf Mow the opinion of 

Keith, Bi^ u 

1 3) confusion wrought by the inadequate translation 

‘ ^ J a,Hs ^* TO ,c likewise due to a failure of realising its 

n ‘’ter, it either means a force, samsknyate anena 
system w or jt mBsnB an element, sarinknyale 

Negativism of ti 


arma 



( H ) 


either the concentrated thought itself, as a psychical' 
condition, or this same thought, as the method through 
which the condition has been created, or as the 
place where it has been produced It is usual to apply 
in the latter sense, as a designation of the mystic worlds, 
where the denizens are eternally merged in trance, 
the term samdpalli It is applicable to all the eight 
planes of mystic existence, of whom the denizens are. 
so to say. born mystics. In this sense the term is 
contrasted with the worlds of gross bodies mid carnal 
desire ( Mma-dhalu) where the demzens possess thou¬ 
ghts non-concentrated, disturbed. This is its more 
general acceptation. In a more special sense it is 
apphcable to the four highest planes of existence 
alone, the immaterial worlds (a) upa-dhdtu), It then 
is contrasted with the four lower mystic worlds which 
are specially called the four dhyanas The word 
samadhi has also a general and a special sense It 
can mean the usual faculty of concentrated attention, 
or it may mean cultivated, developed concentration 
It then becomes a mystical power which can transfer 
the meditator into higher worlds and change life 
altogether. Yoga is usually apphed in the latter kind 
of connotation, but it would not be inconsistent with 
the spirit of Sanskrit language to use it in all the 
three senses : ( yujyale etadUi yogah, yujyale anena 
iti yogah , yujyale asmmn tU yogah ) A complaint, 
if any, can be only about the detailed and subtle 
precision with which this notion is analysed, not- 
about its vagueness. For supernatural power the term 
rddhi is used. But, of course, when concentration ia 



( 12 ,) 


supposed to produce supernatural -mystic - powers* 
then, by a metaphor. the former 'may- be - mentioned 
instead of the latter. The context will'always indicate 
to the careful reader what is the meaning intended. 

Very far from being vulgar' magic -and thaumft- 
turgy, the Buddhist teaching a bouts-Yoga -con tains 
the following philosophic construction winch,'"in my 
opinion, the historian of philosophv can-neither dis» 
regaid nor-fail to appreciate. i.* .-.i* i 

-Its fundamental idea consists in the' fact that 
concentrated meditation induces a condition of quies-* 
cenct The meditative man is- the opposite -of the 
active man Life is tlieh dissected imtd -active- ele¬ 
ments { saimkavas ) with a “view to be one aftei thfe 
other reduced to final quiescence-and extinction - 
A personality ( pudgala ), in which other systems 
imagine the piesence of a, permanent spliitiial principle 

a soul (atmii) is in reality a bundle" of elements or 
- «,*’-** * ’ 
forces (sairitskcua-samu/ia) and a "stream" of thought 

( santaha ) It contains nothing peimanent or subs r 

tahtial, it is anatma This means that ' ° according 

to the "general idea of radical phualism, tlie spiritual 

part of an mduvidiial consists of separate elements 

(dhaitria). lust as’its physical frame consists of atoms lJ 

Although separate, these elements 'are linked togethei 

by" causal laws (hetu-piatyaya) Some of them 

1 Tlie. theory of sepaiate elements (d-hat Mfl} n> exposed m detail 
by Piof„0 Resenberg, ‘Problems, of Buddhist Philosophy (now 
' tianslated into German from Russian by lus Tiidow (Hoideberg 
— 1*124) and also by myself in my"*Centril Conception of'BuddhWrh’ 
‘ (Loriffon’192^ RA-S") - - 5 s 



.( Jt9 } 


always* „ appeal .1 simultaneously, they arc satellites 
(sdigbliu)'^., Or they, follow one another in consecutive- 
moments, they are then homogeneous (n isyanda-phafa ); 
they constitute chains of moments ( ksaija-santana). The 
law of causation as therefore called the law of depen- 
dently-togethorrorigination ( prafitya-sam-utpada ). The 
number of-.psychicnl elements (anip'no-dhai mail) at 
every given moment of an individual life is varia-: 
bfo . It may be very considerable, because undeve¬ 
loped", dormant faculties are also reckoned as 
actually present. This circumstance has even pro¬ 
voked gibes from the side of Sautrantikas in regard 
to the impossibility of an actual co-cxistenee of so 
huge a quantity of separate elements at a single 
moment. However some Of them are constant, 
always present every moment, others appear only 
dnd& certain conditions. Faculties of ten different 
kinds 1 are supposed always to be present. They 
are termed the general faculties {citta-mahd-bhumiha). 
Among them we find the faculty of concentration 
samadhi or yaga. They are morally indifferent. 
To them are added either a certain number of faculties 
morally good, or a certain number of faculties morally 
bad. But not only do the elements which combine 
!u one moment vary in number, they can vary also 

1 Ya&nmtra, ad Ab Koia II 40, computes that, if m the first 
moment 27 dfiarmas ore present, thero will ho 486 elements in 
the sixth one, and bo on, iti ananta-iravya [Praninah) j>rahsan- 
tSna-hfirak^ane bhavanti. If these elements were resistont 
, stuff, says Vasubandhu, there would be not enough room for 
them m the wholo universe. 


1 


in intensity (utkarsa). In a certain individual 1 , at a 
certain time, a certain element may predominate, 
while m another individual or at another time in 
the same individual another element may reach pro¬ 
minence 2 . 

Among the constantly present elements, there 
are two exceedingly precious ones which, when given 
the proper opportunity of full development become 
predominant and change the character of the indivi¬ 
dual and his moral value altogether They are the 
faculty of appreciative analysis (jpragna ) and the facultv 
of concentrating our thoughts upon the single point 
to the exclusion of all other disturbing considerations 
and occurrences, it is ]ust s amadht or yoga These 
elements may be quite undeveloped and insignificant. 
Prajna is then called matt, but it is the same faculty 
When fully developed it becomes transcendent wisdom 
(jnajna amala) Life in ordinary men is controlled 
by ignorance ( avtdyd) which is the reverse of prajna, 
but not its mere absence It is a separate element 
which can be and, in every ordinary man really is, 
present at the same time with his dormant faculty 
of wisdom But it is not a constant faculty; it can 
be suppressed (ptah'na) and thrown out of the men¬ 
tal stream altogether which then becomes purified 
or saintly (aiya) 

1 Cf the tables appended to my ‘Central Conception’ p 100 
* We accordingly say “I lemember”, “I wish”, but this does not 
mean that at the moment when I wish I do not think, or that in the 
moment when I remember I do not wish All mind is regarded 
consisting at every moment of an assemblage of mental 
atoms, faculties (samsldra) elements [dharma) 



( 15 ) 


Now. the moral law or moral progress or moral 
education of mankind is conceived as a struggle within 
the sticam (santana) between the good {lu&ala), the 
noble faculties of man and his bad ( ahuSata ) defiling 
inclinations Since the elements arc ex hypothesi separate 
and momentary, they cannot really influence one 
another. Nevertheless the presence of defiling ignor¬ 
ance and other disturbing qualities makes the whole 
stream impure. All the elements are then impure, 
even the central e’ement, bare consciousness, or pure 
sensation (viyndna). becomes affected ( Jdista, sdsrava). 
A special law of causation ( sarcatraga-hetu ) is im ag ine d 
to account for the fact that the elements of the stream 
are either all of them pure in the saint, or all impure 
(klista) in the ordinary man 1 


It is part of the system; it is also a deep belief 
m all Buddhist countries that the noble and sublime 
faculties will finally, in the long run, triumph. The 
defiling faculties {Hefa) are divided into two classes, 
so far as one class can be remedied by msigbt so to 
b y reason > and the other by concentrated atten¬ 
tion only The first are called dnii-heya, the other 
bMvma-heya 2 It is of course ia natural, and even 
a trivial, fact that some of our shortcomings and vices 
can be eradicated by knowledge, and others by con¬ 
centrated attention only. But the faculty of concen- 
tration, if fully developed, has a greater forced It 

1 Kria, II 54, 57; IV 12, " “ 

* Ibid. I 40 


' f ” U tWe! °P“ e ^ * becomes the 

predominant element m the bundle of elements [samlaramnXha) 



( (6 ) 


then becomes-a mystic power.. It can stop life al¬ 
together. In thfe path of ‘.alvation, it is the last and 
most decisive step. It can also transfer theindxvidual 
into-a higher plane of existence He is then leborn 
or-transferred into the realm of ethereal (acc7ta, Win 
svai a) 4 bodies, into the sphere of pm.ifi.ed matter_(j Upu- 
dhdlu), or into the still highei regions, of pure spirits 
(ai upodfidlu). 

•' - Here we forsake the ground of reality and enter 
into the worlds of the mystic From-this point of 
view, existence is divided into three different spheres. 
The division is in reality bipartite, into the mystic 
worlds ( samd-patlt) and into the non-mystic ;ones, 
i e. our gross worlds of carnal desire, {Idma-dhdlir). 
The latter includes the hells, earth and the lower hea¬ 
vens, where the gods are living and enjoying them¬ 
selves in a very human way. The position which is 
assigned to the gods in this sphere is very characteris¬ 
tic for the Buddhist as well as for the Jaina religions. 
These gods are not superior beings in a moral sense. 
For the sake of moral progress and salvation, the con¬ 
dition of man is preferable. Speaking technically, 
the gods of the Tcdma-dhatu represent assemblages of 
elements of all the 18 categories ( dhalii ). Hot a 
single of them is brought to a standstill by yoga 
They are full of passions and are superior to man by 

which make up an individual The single tern samadhi may 
then be nsed for this element together With its satellites, it then 
becomes synonymous with the individual or his 5 slandhas. 
cp Ab Kosabh ad VTU 1 The same applies to the developed 
prajnd 

4 Cp Ah EoSabh, ad If 12 


( 1 ? >) 

tlieir power, but not by tbeir conduct 1 . Thb mystidr 
Worlds are further divided into two classes, those in 
Which the denizens possess ethereal bodies and thode 
in which they have no physical frame. The facility 
of concentration ( samadhi, yoga) has here attained, 
predommance, it has become the central element j 
the others are their satellites. Imagination has built, 
up above the heavens of the carnal gods a series of mys¬ 
tic worlds They correspond exactly to the degrees 
of trance which are gradually reached or supposed 
to he reached, by tbe mystic. Tbe purely spiritual 
rea lms (< vruya-dkatu) are four. Their denizens are 
merged in contemplation (samapatti) of some unique, 
idea, either the idea of the infinity of space, or of the 
infinity of thought, or of the void, or in a dreamy 
semi-conscious state Their condition is nearly cata¬ 
lepsy, a state where consciousness is quite arrested. 
The worlds of ethereal bodies are also four in number, 
exactly corresponding to tbe initial four degrees of 
trance ( dhytina ) and are accordingly designated as 
tbe worlds of the first, the second, the third and the 
fourth dhyana. 

Whereas our material frame consists of elements of 18 kinds, 
four of them are m abeyance in the worlds of ethereal bodies. The 
sense-data of smell and taste and the corresponding two sets of 
sensations do not exist It is because these beings do not want any 
hard food, no food which is taken piecemeal, chewed and swallowed 3 . 
Their natation is spintual. Here imagination evidently is founded 
upon the fact t hat the mystio, when deeply engaged in meditation, 
1 The higher planes of these oamalgods, however, arc morally purer 
than the lower ones; they gradually approach to the stall higher 
moral standard of the worlds of trance, op. Ab. KoSo III. 70. 
* Ah KoSa 130, HI, 39. 


< 18 ) 

forgets all a,bout ,his meals. Therefore olfactory and gustatory 
sense-data lose their raison d’etre They are by the myBtao power 
of yoga extmet altogether. But the physical organs, the nose and 
the tongue remain, because, their absence would make the body 
ugly All the bodies are beautiful, one is mutilated Their faculties 
of sight and audition are im- limi ted , they possess divya-caksuh and 
dxvya-botram 1 Their taotile sensations are the same as the charac¬ 
teristic agreeable feeling of bodily ease and lightness (prasrabdhx) 
which produces levitation m the mystic. Their movements are, 
therefore, extremely swift and dexterous But the faculties of 
Smelling and taste are absent altogether, because their food is im¬ 
material They have no need for clothes, 2 they are bom with a 
light ethereal covering that lasts all their very long life through* 
Neither do they want any dwellings Every new horn finds a house 
provided for him by karma, 1 e by nature The phenomenon of 
sex is spiritualised The bodies are without the members of phy¬ 
sical procreation This does not make them mutilated Gross 
sexual passion does not exist at all But total indifference does 
neither exist The feelings are delicate The birth of a new being 
is quite free from all pom and filth The now bom child does not 
come out of the matrix of a female, it is appantional ( tipapadula ). 
Those who happen to he nearest to the place of his birth are his 
parents 3 . No government, 4 of course, is needed m such a com¬ 
munity, because there arc no crimes, no gross passions Total 
absence of passion would mean total absence of volitions, and this, 
according to the Indian conceptions, would stop life altogether; 
it would be Nirvana. But all the feelings have a mild form. 
The feeling of hatred (prattgha) is totally absent. Other feelings 

ate veiled indifferenoa (nMgfo -gqyajjfo -f _ _ 

1 They have, as a monk m Mongolia expressed himself in a con¬ 
versation with me, telescopes and telephones 

* Ah Ko£a, HI 70 
3 Ibid HI 71 

* Ibid III. 98 

« A full account of the Buddhist heavens and their denizens is giv¬ 
en m Prof H Kirfel, Die Kosmographie der Inder (Bonn, 1920), 



. The imagination of the man who has drawn this 
picture, whether it be Buddha or another, seems to 
have been guided by the idea that manual work is 
tfhe curse of h umanit y. Therefore a state is imagined 
vrhere there is no need for it, because food, clothes 
and homes are naturally provided. The other debas¬ 
ing feature of mankind, the gross sexuality of love, 
is quite absent. Thus from the three incentives of 
Imman action on earth, wealth, love and duty {ortha- 
Mmardhavrm) the last alone continues its unimpeded 
sway in the mystic world. However, there is no 
absolute equality between the denizens. There are 
lofty and ordinary characters. The quality of being 
a “worldling” (prtkag-jana) can occasionally appear in 
these regions. At least some of the schools are quarrel¬ 
ling about this question 1 . The details of this picture 
have given rise to a great deal of controversy, and 
even now we can come across Buddhist monks who 
will, with extraordinary vivacity, debate some of the 
moot points. 

The Abhidharma discusses the question whether 
in order to possess all supernatural forces existing in 
the mystic worlds it is a necessary condition to be 

p. 190 ff, but then connection -with the degrees of absorption m 
yoga-meditation is mentioned only in regard to the 4 sampattis 
on p 198. Op also B 0. Law, Heaven and Hell (Calcutta 1925). 
x The Vatslputriyas explained the fact that person having readied 
in a higher world the condition of a Saint [arya) could sometimes 
nevertheless fell back into ordinary humanity and become a g*m 
a common woriding, by the circumstance that some element of 
this common worldhness (prthagjanalva) was left dormant in him, 
it had not been quite eradicated at the time when he beeame/a* 
*aint, op. Ab. Kofabh I 40 II 40. / 



( 22 ) 

clearly seen out of the following discussion in the 
Abhidharma 1 . 

"It Las been determined that 18 kinds (dhatu) of elements 
are cooperating m making np life in all the three spheres of existence 1 . 
It is then asked how many cooperate in the whole worlds of gross 
bodies, how many in the worlds of ethereal bodies, and how 
many in the spiritual worlds It is answered—18 in the first, 
14 in the second and 3 in the last. All the 18 elements combine 
in creating life in the sphere of gross bodies. “They combine” 
means that they are inseparable from it, they constitute this world. 
In the plane of ethereal bodies, the fragrant and savoury stuff, 
as well as the corresponding sensations (vijUBna) are excluded. 
They represent physical food ( kavalv-’kara-dhard ). But ethereal 
bodies belong to beings who can live without such food; they have 
no desire for it. The olfaotory and gustatory sensations are thus 
absent, because their ob] acts—that physical food which contains 
the fragrant and savoury stuff—do not exist , 

“Objection. But in this case neither the resistant stuff would 
exist in these worlds, since it is also a part of the nutriment stuff % 
“Answer. That part of it alone exists which is not nutriment. 
Objection: The fragrant and'the savoury stuffs arc in the- 
same condition (a part of them ib not nntnxnent) * 

“Answer The resistant stuff is necessary as a support for 
the-sense faculties, as a support for the bodies and os clothes for 
them But for the fragrant and savoury stuffs there is no necessity, 
because there is no physical food. Therefore, since the in s tin ct 
for such food is absent, neither do the corresponding stuffs exist 
(l'e. they are not produced by lonna) The esse of the re sis t ant 
stuff is' different. 

r ' "Opinion of Siilabha : If some body here (on earth) by con¬ 
centrated meditation reaches ecstasy, be continues to see colours, 

*’ Condensed from Ab Kosa bh. pp 52 2-53 8 (B.B XX). cp- 
’ M. de la V, P.’s translation p. 54 ff. 

1 Cp. the tables in Central-Conception, p. 97. .. _ 



( 23 ) 


-to hear'sounds and his sense of touoh 1 b agreeably affected by some 
special tangible stuff ■which is produced simultaneously with the 
production in him of a high degree of levitation (’prasrabdhi), but 
odours and tastes are in abeyance For this reason, ■when beings 
are reborn in these worlds of trance, the first three sense data exist, 
but smells and tastes are absent.” ‘ 1 

It is seen out of this passage that the conditions of 
life in the sphere of ethereal bodies axe imagined 'hy 
tr ansferrin g personal mystic experiences into a separate 
plane of existence. ‘ 

A very interesting discussion then follows about 
that driving force of nature called karma which, jn 
this connection, corresponds to our conception ' of 
evolution, or elan vital 1 . 

I ' * / / 

It produces, according to a regular plan and answer¬ 
ing to necessities, all the varieties of life in the plane of 
gross bodies and mutatis mutandis in the imagined 
planes of existences constructed according to mystic 
experiences' 

Such is the theory of Yoga in Hmayana.’ It is 
quite different m Mahayana where the philosophic 

■* What confusion arises from a wrong translation of the term 
karma appears clearly from M de la V P.’s translation of this 
passage, Ab Koia II 30, p. 56 “Quelle est la cause de la nai- 
ssance d’un organe, sinon un certain acte aommande par un desir 
relatif a cet organe”. This can only mean that there has been 

* once upon a time, a man who evidently did not possess this organ, 
or did possess no organs at all,but he manifested a desire to possess 

'■‘■some and committed an action in consequence’ After that all 

* -men, who peacefully existed without any organs at all, suddenly 
1 acquired them No wonder that Indian philosophy, when presen¬ 
ted in such a garb, ceases to be attractive About karma in 
Buddhism op 0. Rosenberg, Problems, XVI. 




( 24 ) 


foundation is different All tlie devices which are 
'employed for helping the mmd to concentrate upon a 
single point are more or less the same m all philosophic 
systems. There is absolutely nothing Buddhistic m 
'them 1 . The psychological fact of concentration which 
ip at the bottom of them is a vciy simple one 2 . 
When carried on systematically they induce special 
mystic states of mmd. Patafvjali liab given their ex¬ 
planation according to the principles of Sankhya 
philosophy In Hinayana Buddhism they are ex¬ 
plained in a maimer fitting the system of radical plu¬ 
ralism, i.e that theory of separate elements ( dh'irma) 
•which has been established with a view to their gradual 
extinction in Nirvana Very characteristic for Bud- 

1 Er. Heiler, op cifc p 47, following Prof Rhys Davids, thinks 
that (brahmamoal) yoga is predominantly physical and hypnotic, 

* -whereas the Buddhist method of meditation ib intellectual and 
moral I would not venture to endorse this opinion In this 
respect the difference, if any, is negligible Heilei evidently 
overlooks, in lus Buddhist fervour, the devotion to God ( i£vara- 
jjranulhana) of the brahmamcal Yogi The process of moral 
"purification of the latter is very Vividly described by Prof S N 
Dasgupta, The Study of Patnnjah, p 142 ff (Calcutta, 1920} 
and his other works 

3 The late Prof O Rosenberg has himself practised some yoga- 
meditation. in a Zen Monastery in Japan He used to compare 
-the agreeable feehng of ease which he then experienced to the 
effect produced by music, especially when executed personally. 
Attention is then fixed and a light feelrng of ecstasy makes you 
forget all troubles of life The warlike Samurai before going to 
-war used to go through a course of yoga-experiences m some 
Zen monastery, and this had the most beneficial influence upon 

• their moral condition in strengthening their courage and endu¬ 


rance. 




( 25 ) 

•dlnsm is the system of heavens or paradises in which, 1 
at their middle and highest stages, imaginary beingsi 
are lodged, who are also called gods, but are nothing 
but born mystics, beings in whom the condition-of 
trance is a natural one. This distinguishes BuddhiMh* 
from all other religions and philosophical systems 1 ).' 
It is also inseparable from the conception of the* 
Hinayanist Nirvana or the so-called Nirvana ‘of 
the Bravakas. According to the teaching of some, 
schools the highest cataleptic states of trance are 1 
•eternal (asamskrta), i.e they do not differ from 
Nirvana 2 But, according to the majority of schools,* 
Nirvana is beyond even that It is the absolute limit! 
•of life, the extinction even of this land of the thinnest 
vestige of consciousness which is still left in thef 
highest of all imaginable worlds of cataleptic trance!* 

v % 

• i t 

m. MYSTIC INTUITION (Y0GrA-PRAT YAKSA) 1 

Apart from the above described general function! 
of Yoga, there is another special kind of it, the subjec¬ 
tive counterpart of the first. It then appears as the 
mystic intuition of the true condition of the universe. 
'The Buddhist saint is supposed, in a moment of mystic 
illumination, suddenly to perceive the whole construc¬ 
tion, -with its gross and mystic worlds, as vividly a§ 
if it were a direct sense perception- Ab a psycholo- 

\ 18 interesting to note that the gods of Epicurus are also qules- 

cent, inactive and also possess ethereal bodies of a specie^ atomic 
,*, structure 

Si Cp. Katha-vatthu, VI4, The yogacaras likewise reckon catalepsy 
among the asamekfla elements. 



( 20 ) 

gibal'process, it is equally taught in Hinayana and in 
Mahayana, hut its content, the picture which reveals- 
itself at this moment, is quite different in both systems. 
It corresponds to their theoretical parts, to the system 
of pluralism which is taught m Hinayana and to the 
monist view which is the central conception of 
Mahayana. as will be seen later on. For, although 
a-pudden illumination, it does not come without pre¬ 
paration. The future saint has gone through a long; 
oourse of moral training and he has carefully studied 
all the details of the philosophic con&truction, < when 
in the moment of sudden illumination what he had 
before tried to understand only theoretically, comes' 
up ^before him with the vivacity cf living reality* 
Beginning with this moment he is a saint, all his r 
habits of thought are changed. He directly views the, 
universe as an infinite continuity of single moments 
iiv igradual evolution towards final extinction In 
Mahayana, the Bodhisattva sees directly or feelB in¬ 
wardly, quite another picture, corresponding to the 
theoretical teaching of that religion. The path to¬ 
wards salvation is therefore divided in "a preliminary 
path ‘of ' accumulating merit {sambharcC-marga), in a _ 
subsequent course of training ( prayoga-margi) and 
in ’the path of illumination (drsti-mafgi) 1 . The 

T Mrt C Rhys Davids (Dhamma-sanganl Transl, p 256, n. 2) 
colls it a “mental awakening", “intellectual conversion”, “a 
certain vantage-point for mind and heart from which the Promised 
Land of Nirvafla was caught sight of, and the faot of impermonenoo 
"* first discerned", Under" the foot of impermanence" the theory of 
'the impermanent dharmas must be evidently understood A 
l poetical description of dftb-marga, which is the same 1 as srota- 
BpaUtphola , is found in D N I..76 ff- 



( 27 ) 

latter is momentary. It is technically called percep¬ 
tion of the four truths, such perception being the 
exclusive property of the saint (arya). Therefore 
they are called the four truths of the Saint (aryasya 
satydni). They express the general view that there 
is a phenomenal existence ( duhMd ), its driving 
force (samudaya), there will be final extinction 
(niradha), and there is a path towards it (marga). 
In this general form the four truths are accepted 
by all Indian systems 1 . There is absolutely nothing 
Buddhistic in them. Their meaning changes accord¬ 
ing to the content which is pnt into them, according 
to what is understood under phenomenal life ( iiUjMa )* 
and under extinction {nirvana). Within the pale o' 
Buddhism, these conceptions have, at a certain date, 
undergone a radical change. In early Buddhism they 
correspond to a pluralistic universe, in Mahayana tn 
a monistic one 3 . 

In IBnayana, the process of illumination is des¬ 
cribed as a double moment, it consists in a moment 
of feeling and a moment of knowledge. The feeling 
is satisfaction {k^dnti-ruci), after which in the next 
following moment comes intuition, the vision of the 
elements of existenoe (dkarma-jnana) The intuition 

1 About the “four truths” in NySya-Vaiiesika see below! 

2 It is samshdra-duhhhatd or paTin&ma-dhuUhld the counterpart 

of asamskfia^mrodha, cp Ab Kosabh. VI. 3. This imd of 

18 much neMer *> ordinary conception of joy, than 
ot Buffering, 

3 In Nygya-VauSesikathe yogin perceives at that moment of illu- 
auMtoon the atoms and ail categories directly, cp. Pra&Stp. r 



< 28 ) 


refers at first to the surrounding gross world, and then,' 
as is always the case, it is transferred to the imagined 
worlds of trance ( anvaya-jnana ). Thus m sixteen 
consecutive moments 1 the intuition of the future 
saint has run through the whole universe its real and 
imaginary worlds, and has viewed them in the light 
of four stages of their evolution towards quiescence. 
The supreme moment of illumination is the central 
point of the teaching about the path to salvation. 
An enormous literature especially in Mahayana is 
devoted to this conception of mystic intuition 2 

When in later times the study of Abhidharma 
has been superseded by the study of logic and episte- 
mology, the mystic perception of the saint has retained 
its place among the different categories of direct 
cognition which were then established Direct cognit- 
tion was then defined as containing no synthetic 
thought ( [kalpanapodha ). It was pure sensation* 
which could apprehend an indefinite moment of sesna- 
tion only The four truths, i.e. ontology, were, at 
first studied and ascertained by sound logic (pra- 
manena vtniScita ) and then suddenly perceived as 
vividly as a grain of com on the palm of the hand 3 . 

1 About the 16 moments op Ab Sola, VI 18, 25 ff and M de 
la V Vp in his adition of Madhy. vj, p 497 n. 4 * 

* The text book for the study of this part of Mahayana is the Abhi~ 
samayalankara of Maitreya-Asanga, of which 21 Indian commen¬ 
taries alone existed besides a hnge indigenous Tibetan literature. 
Among tbe seat of the “yellow caps” the chief commentary 
studied is the Lam-nm-chen-po-by tbe great Tson-kb-pa, partly 
translated into Bnssian by G. Tsibikoff 1 

8 Cp. Nyfiya-bindu and tika, p. II (B B. VII). 


{ 29 ) 


The number of moments was then reduced to three. 
In the Madhyamika system, where logic was denied 
altogether, the preparation consisted in a course of 
negative dialectic, after which the intuition of the 
transcendental truth springs up as an inward convic¬ 
tion (; pratyatma-vedya i) 1 . In both the philosophic 
systems which are represented in Buddhism—the 
pluralism of the BSnayana and the monism of Ma- 
hayana—there is a course of preparation and medi¬ 
tation and a moment of sudden illumination 2 . 

If we now try to answer the question about the 
age and the history of this Buddhist doctrine of Yoga, 
we must, first of all wholly appreciate the fact that 
it is an inseparable, inherent part of the pluralistic 
universe of separate elements { dharma ) gradually 
evolving towards extinction 8 . The possibility is 
1 Madhy. vi p 493-11 

* According to H Bergson. (De rintuition philosophique) every 
great philosopher has once had a vision of the universe to which 
he then remains faithful the rest of his life in a senes of attempts 
to formulate it ever clearer and clearer. This will then be the 
dfsh-m&rga of that philosopher In the life of Burnt, it will he 
the tune when after the year of literary activity and meditation, 
the oentral conception of the Critique of Pure Reason revealed 
itself to him and he then wrote, "das Jahr 69 gab mir grosses 
Licht Tho rest of his hfe was indeed spent m repeated attempts 
at a clear formulation of that vision. The preceding study and 
meditation were, so to say, his sambhara and prayogam&rga 
It has been supposed that the four dhyanas are of an earlier 
date than the four samapattis, cp Heder, op rat, p. 43 ff The 
conception of ethereal existences in the Rupa dhatu as consisting 
of 14 dhStus only, because they did not want any physical food 
is evidently a rationalisation of the myth about the descent of 



' 30 } 


rrot exebideSj a s ~s iave stated earaes 1 , teat 
g«w of - fr ~g thsorr is older tlsu Bndn ca Isicsdt. 
T?» g»r -' case there is no historically authenticated 
Brddiism Tdticns this theory, itithont the mystic 
vrerlds and- its inherent part; the philosophic and 
moral a— ; all sorcery and ihanmarnrgy. tie Brah- 
T^g^ r-j»r sscrirres not eniepted, trere strongly cordem- 
ned bv Bnddha. They —ere considered as one of 
tie cardinal sins 2 . Tie details of tbs condition 
in tie —orlds of tie mystic and tie degrees of mystic 
concentration bate always given opportunities to much, 
scholastic controversy bsrveen tie schools. We can 
safely assert tiat vitiir. tie pale of Hmaylna 
Enddiism there is no place for trivial sorceiy 2 .- 


fef cv j i’. ep. D. It. m. £i X£s. tisarj- priffbl— 

ei£r»£ alrsaEr at ire va of *re f’jviir:- of tit Pali Csron. 

2 Cp. tls arnrle onStt-T-:— Hag:; in ERE vieH —~ 
rhe 3tal—Afaiagvtra. D. It. I. £■ £2. ve Ea-s & lens lilt of EtpgrsS- 


r,=agx 

jcrrtg^a*?. T-i 


£: is rsprsssrtsd es rragit. tisr. cf ccmss ’K*rs rTr& ffS b= fbfl 
tf =je: bn Cit£sf2t*ty. sspafaEy rbar vHtb beHevas it 
tnraflss, vtZ EStrsr escape a scrflsi rspro&cb- Tie «fr£* 
eve. cctpEar cbnld tLerefcre. se ~ore propeEr cLstaotessed 
as zcjsdral —ayV ^d povsrs, Tti tie pit-fas frat “of tee re&Iibv 
or tmesSty of tie rt—stir's —cild ~e IrioT- Eotbng” fBJBtrsssZ, 
Enerr-si TTctlc, IC--22. p. £0> T«y i=±«rss~g are tbs erplsta- 
ftrs, and a oenabi "fr ties tier* of tie ErtfHrr srpe—amal 
ergrittm erf persrs by Fr. EeEw, op. ttt. pL 33 fr. 


( 31 ) 


The psychology of trance is indeed a characteristic 
feature of many Indian systems, not of Buddhism alone.- 
It appears almost inevitably in that part of every. 
Indian system which is called “the path” (marga) 
in which the means of a transition out of the pheno-; 
menal world into the Absolute are considered. With 
the exception of the orthodox Mimamsakas and the 
materialists, every system in this part, but not in 
others, contains a certain amount of mysticism. The, 
Jainas had their teaching about Yoga. Even the 
realistic and theistic Naiyayikas. when feeling it 
difficult to explain the transition into the Absolute, 
he., from saihsara into nirvana, have recourse not 
to God, but to Yoga 1 . However, just as the European, 
mind is not altogether and always free from mysticism, 
so is the Indian mind not at all necessarily subject to 1 
it. Not to speak about numerous materialstio doctrines, 
the orthodox Mimamsakas themselves held about 
Yoga an opinion which probably represents just what 
all of us, so far as we are not mystics, think about it, 
viz. that Yoga is sheer imagination, just as any other 
ordinary fantasticism 2 . Considering that the 
M i m amsakas are the oldest philosophical system 
in India whose roots go down into the Vedic age, 
we at once can measure the exact value of the “his¬ 
torical method” which finds it highly improbable that 
in India, at the time of Buddha, nothing but vulgar 
magic and thaumaturgy could exist. 

1 About the place Toga occupies in the system of Nyaya Vai^esika 
see helow, 

* Of Slokavart, on ptatyaksabutra, 32 



' ) 

It is the common lot of every philosophy or 
religion to reach a point where further explanation 
becomes impossible. A higher and mystical principle' 
is then invoked, because the usual methods have 
failed to give satisfaction. With Descartes and 
Leibnitz it is God, with many Indian systems, it is 
Toga as a mystical power, .in appeal to this power 
plays a considerable part in Buddhism, but not 
otherwise. 

IV. BUDDHA’S BELIEF IX PERSONAL 
DBIORTALITY 

Additional arguments in favour of an unphilo- 
sophic primitive Buddhism are derived from 
the occurrence in the Pali Canon o** the word 
"immortal" among the epithets of Nirvana, the 
interpretation of the passages where Buddha is- 
reported to have given no answer at all when ques¬ 
tioned about Nirvana, the occurrence in later litera¬ 
ture of the term reality >/) in connection with 
Nirvana. 

A short examination of the value of these 
additional arguments will not be out of place. 

The practical as well as the theoretical part of 
Buddhism converge towards the idea of an extinction 
of all the active forces of life in the Absolute. This 
Absolute. Xirvsua accordingly receives in emotional 
passages an over—helming mass of epiik&a onundut 
among which the term "Diace of immortality occurs 
several times But what is this immortality \ Is it 
the immortality of Vedic times 1 The blissful existence 





{ 33 ) 

among the forefathers in heaven I 1 Or is thus hypo¬ 
thetical immortality, something like the paradise of 
Amitabha ? Or something like the paradise of later 
Yisnuism 1 Not the slightest indication. Because 
indeed the word occurs only as an epithet of NirvEiia— 
annihilation. There is no deficiency, as we have 
seen, of paradises in the Buddhistic outlook. But 
Nirvana is beyond all imaginable spheres, it is the 
absolute hunt. The words “immortal place” simply 
means changeless, lifeless and deathless condition, for it 
is explained as meaning a place where there is neither 
birth (le. rebirth) nor death (i.e. repeated death) 8 . 

1 M do la V P evidently thinks that nil religions developments 
start with an idea of a surviving immortal soul, a theory that 
has been exploded as far as Indian religions are concerned. Dr. 
Paul Tuxen in the Det KIg. Danske Vldenakabemcs selskab 
Hist-phil. Meddleseer, II5 Forestillmgea om Sjaelen i Rigveda, 
has proved that such an ’dea is quite absent from the Rgvoda. 
In the oldest Upamsada the surviving homunculus ib represented 
as a congeries of 6 elements wluoh dissolve at death and then a 
new combination of them springs into being. It is not impo¬ 
ssible to seo in them the forerunners of the Buddhist 5 «l-»>T.riko., 
The idea of a soul, in our acceptation of the tarn, appears m the 
metrical Upamsads and is contemporaneous with the rise of 
Sanfehya and Jainism, probably also with some kind of pro- 
Buddhistic Buddhism, of. H Jaoobi, Gottcsidce, p. 7 ff.andmv 
Central Conception, p, 05 ff 1 

* The epithet "place of „i„_.i . 


( 34 ) 


People enter paradise by being reborn in it, they 
disappear for ever m Nirvana by being extinct. 

V. WAS BUDDHA AN AGNOSTIC * 
Another additional argument is drawn out of a 
new interpretation of very well-known passages m the 
Canon where Buddha is reported to have answered a 
senes of metaphysical questions by sheer silence. 
It is literally an argument a stlenho. Considering 
these questions more closely, we see that they are 
metaphysical questions, such as • is the woild begin¬ 
ningless or has it a beginning, is it finite or infinite, 
what i« the condition of the sa nt after death, this ast 
question meaning, what is the nature of the Absolute 
When these questions weie addiessed to Buddha on a 
certain occasion by a certain mterlocutoi, it has once 
happened that either no answor at all was forthcoming, 
or it was declared that the questions weic futile 
Scliolais, Indian and European, ancient and modern, 
did not find much difficulty m haimomzmg this 
occasional “agnosticism” with the mam lines of the 
teachings of the Pali Canon. scholars went all 1 the 
length of comparing these reserved questions with a 
senes of topics declared insoluble in modem critical 
philosophy There is indeed some similanty 1 . 

However M de la Vallee Poussin explains Buddha’s 
silence by his incapacity in the philosophical field. 

1 They aro questions which “human reason m its natural progress 
. must necessarily encounter ’, (Kant, Critique of Puro Reason, 
transl by Max Muller, p 340) Sp 0 Frankc, Kant n die altin- 
dische Philosophic, in “Zur Ennnerung an Kmanuol Kant” 
(Halle, 1904), p 137-8 




( 35 } 

"He did not know what to answer l 1 He was prepared 
to answer the question of the existence of an eternal 
soul in the affirmative if his interlocutor preferred so, 
if not, he did not mind denying it (p. 119). This is 
confirmed by a reference to Kumarilabha who is 
.quoted by Vasubandhu in the course of a very long 
■discussion about the cardinal tenet of all Buddhists, 
the “personalists” (pudgalavadins ) not excluded, ie. 
the non-existence of a substantial soul. This tenet is 
discussed here in a masterly way with perfect clearness 
and every possible detail 2 . Buddha denies an eternal 
soul as against the etemahst, but maintains moral 
responsibility as against the materialist. Both 
extremes aie declared to be follies against which 
the doctrine of Buddha is directed. He has sought 
and found a “middle path” which evades the dan¬ 
gers of both extremes How then could such a 
categorical denial and emphatic protest against two 
extremes be turned mto a connivance in them ? 
This is as much a riddle as the conversion of 
the Pali Canon mto a manual of thaumaturgy. It 
would be interesting to know when did Buddha “teach 
to some persons the existence of self” (p. 119), i.e,, 
a full blowu atmavada or satkayadrsfo ? 

In many systems, ancient and modern, eastern 
^.nd western, the reality in itself, the pith of reality, 
is declared to be something incogmsable. It is, 

1 The same explanation is given by B. Keith, op cit~p. 63 
3 Translated by M de la V P in the 1st volume of his Abhi- 
dharmakoia pp 128 ff and by me in the Bulletin de l’Acade- 
aiio des Sciences de Bussie, 1919, pp 823 ff. 



( 36 ) 


therefore, quite natural to find in the sftita literature, 
where the style of popular discourses is adopted, the 
device of impressing upon the audience the mystic- 
character of the Absolute by silence The Mahayana 
suit as do not tarry in characterising it as “unspeak^ 
able”, “unknowable”, “undefinable” etc. A long dis¬ 
cussion about the essence of the absolute is given in the 
YimalalcrrH-sfth a The question is tackled from 
different sides, and when Vimalaklrti is at length asked 
to summarise, he remains silent, whereupon Bodhisat- 
tva ManjuSri exclaims, “Well done well done, non-du¬ 
ality is truly above words l '\ 1 

Nor is this feature hrnited to Buddhist literature. 
The VedantinB resorted to the same device when 
wishing to bring home the transcendental character of 
their advaita-biahma. Sankara leports a case when 
the question about the essence of Btalima was reiterated 
three times without eliciting any answer. 8 At last, 
when it was aBked, “Why don’t you answer ? ” the 
leply was, “I do answer (sc by silence), but you do 
not understand me”. Is it permissible to draw the 
conclusion that Vimalaklrti and those men to whom. 
Sankaracarya refers had themselves no reasoned 
opinion about the Absolute or that they were quite 
indifferent and prepared to answer just as the ques- 
* tioner preferred, in the affirmative or in the negative * a 

1 Gf Suzuki, Mahayana, p. 10G-7 
* Ad V S III 2 17 

3 Vasubandlm (ttb Kola. V 22) reports that it was a rule of dia¬ 
lectics at tbe time of Buddha to answer by silence these ques¬ 
tions which were wrongly formulated, o g , all questions regarding 

/ 

\ 



( 37 } 


VI. THE POSITION OP THE LATER SCHOOLS 
OP THE HlNAYANA 

M. de la Yallee Poussin insists that in order to 
escape obscurity we must construct an outline ("un 
schdma d'ensemble) of tlie history of Buddhism, 
that tMs outline must harmonize with the general 
conception we have about the history of ancient 
India 1 , and that questions of detail become at once 
settled, if they find their place in this historical 
outline (p. XX). This scheme seems to be the following 
one There was in the beginning a simple faith m soul 
and immortality and a primitive teaching of an 
indefinite character, mainly of obscure magic. After 
that a mixed period supervened when this simple 
creed was contaminated with confused ideology, and 
this allows ns to ask the question whether Buddhism 
at that period was not agnosis. At last Bnddhism 
received a superstructure of mane scholasticism and 
we have a scholastic period in Buddhism, just as we 
have one in mediaeval Europe. 

Primitive faith, a period of agnosticism and a 
period of scholasticism,—we at once see wherefrom 

the properties of non-existing thing Prof. H. Uldeauerg ngntiy 
remarks on. another occasion, Upamsaden p. 133 “Die dgenste 
Sprache dieaer Hystik, w. allcr Hystik, ist Schweigen " 

J Tlu3 general conception of the history of India is apparently 
mentioned as implying the opinion of the author about the social 
mdieu (p 107) m which nothing but obscure magic could possibly 
originate, an opinion fully shared by Prof. Keith. It would be 
interesting to know the opinion of both these authors about the 
-milieu in which the grammar of PSnim, this one of the greatest 
productions of the human mind, originated * 



( 38 ) 

the scheme is borrowed. It is an attempt to construct 
the history of Buddhism on parallel lines with the 
history of the Western Church 

What the primitive faith and the supposed agnos¬ 
ticism represent we have already seen 

Jfow what is scholasticism i It is either (1) 
philosophy in the sciuce of religion or (2) excessive 
subtlety and ailificiahty m philosophical constructions. 
Buddhism, enrfy or canonic, is contrasted with 
Buddhism later or scholastic (p. 4G) 1 This leads to 
the supposition that the school, c g of the Vaibhfisikas 
represented m its teaching something substantially 
different from the curly canonical schools But, as a 
matt ei of fact, the Vaibhasikas aic only the conti- 
nuatois of one of the oldest schools, the Sarvastivadms. 
They deuve then name from Tin?''' title of a huge 
commentary upon the canonical works of this school 
and follow m philosophy generally the same bnes 
as did the original school Quito different is the 
position of the •Second school, the Sautifmtikas. It is 
really a npw school, a preciusor oi contemporary of 
that momentous change which splits the history of 
Buddhism into two quite distinct penods. It is, 
therefoie, pieferablo to keep to the broad bnes of the 
old division of Buddhism mto early or HTnayana and 
later or the Mahnyana, and to admit the existence of a 
transitional school m the Sautiuntikas.^ 

* But on p 128 M do la Valleo Poussin mentions the “nihilist 
scholasticism” as tho scholasticism ol the canon 
» Another transitional school between HJnayana and MahSyiina 
is the so called Satya-siddhi school of Hanvarmun known only 
from Chinese sources, cf Ynmaknmi Sogen, Systems ol Buddhist 



< 39 ) 

We readily think that there was a considerable 
growth of scholsticism in early Buddhism, but it is 
scholasticism in the second sense Since the simple 
faith in immortality never existed, it is impossible to 
speak of its being blurred or contaminated by scholas¬ 
ticism Early Buddhism started from a sound philo¬ 
sophical idea of ultimate leahties ( dharmas ). Some 
of these elements are highly artificial constructions 
Early Buddhists and their continuators. the Vaibha 
sikas, have paid a heavy tribute to that innate 
tendency of the human mind to infer difference of 
things from a difference of words. The Sautrantikas 
most decidedly opposed this tendency, they sharply 
distinguished nominal realities (prajiiapii at) from ulti¬ 
mate data They accordingly mercilessly cut down 
the lists of elements adopted in the schools of early 
Buddhism and by the Vaibha sikas They thus reduced 
them exclusively to a list comprising sense data and 
the primitive data of mind. It is therefore, quite 
wrong to throw them into the same bag witb tbe 
Vaibha sikas They aTe. if anything, anti-scholastic 
Their role may be usefully compared with that of 
Occam's Razor m European philosophy. They even 
can be more properly called a critical school, a name 
which then- continuators the Yogacaxa Sautrantika 
school fully deserves But these already belong to 
the MahavSna If we roughly assign the beginning 
of Mahayana to the I century A 35. and the decline of 
Hlnayana m the North to the V century, we shall have 


Thought p 172 fF (Calcutta, 1912), 0. Rosenberg, Problems, 
p 271 



( 40 ) 


about five hundred years when both these tendencies 
kept the field The SnuUantikas apparently began 
by taking an intermediate position between che 
■extreme Mahayonists 1 and the “school men s Then 
the battle that raged during 500 years was inclining 
to its end, they coalesced with the Maliayanists who 
had won the battle and foinied with them the hybrid 
school of Yoeacara-Sautrantilca Among the ultimate 
realities of the earlier lists which were declared by the 
new movement, i e by botb the Maliayanists and 
the Sautrantikns to be uonunnl wc find Nirvana 
(nhodha) 

It. was know n long ago that the Yaibliasika and the 
Sautiantika schools weie engaged in a dispute regniding 
the nature of Nirvana The fust maintained that it 
was something real (i vastu ). the second objected that it 
was nothing leal by itself, that it was meiely the 
cessation of all peisonal life The exact meaning of 
this issue could, of course, be fully appreciated only if 
the complicated arguments of both contending schools 
would have been known Our inhumation about the 
VaibhaBikas is much more ample now, and we can 
represent m detail the argumentation which led to the 
tenet of Nirvana as a reality About the othei school, 
the Sautrantikas, our information is still indirect 

1 This Vasabandiiu him self hints, of my Soul Theory, p 852 and 
M delaV p’strausl IX p.273. Vasubandhu who lumself favoured 
this school, as u ell as his pupil and continu.itor Dignaga, are 
already Mahays mats and have partly adopted Vijuanavada 
viovrs They call themselves Vijnanvadms although m the 
cardinal point, of absolute reality they partly adhere to the Sautra- 
ntaka wow (cf Nyayabindutikatipp ed B. B p 19). 



( 41 ) 

The works of the early Saiitruntikas, KumuraMa, 
Slablrn, Malmbhandanta, Vasumitra and others « 
still inaccessible. Yasubandhu can « a ® 
exnonent of the latest phase of this school, when it was 
about to coalesce with the Maliayamsts 
enough is known to allow a definite inclusion about 
their supposed “denial” of Nirvapa and the meaning of 
their answer to the Vaibhasikas. 

M de la Yallee Poussin thinks that his hypothesis 
about a pre-canonic Buddhism consisting of a simple 
faith in immortality and yoga practices, as well as his 
interpretation of the passages where . Buddha is 
repotted to have answered some metaphysical questions 
hy silence—that hoth these hypotheses are fully 
borne out by the position which the later schools take 
regarding Nirvana (p. 182) When it is called a 
“reality - ’ he declares it to be a confirmation of the 
existence (some 500 years ago) of that simple faith 
in immortality which, by a similar method, he has 
discovered in early Buddhism. We find in his book 
(pp. 136-148) many interesting details about the 
battle that raged between the two schools in the 
V century A D , hut unfortunately the meaning of the 
controversy has entirely escaped his attention, since 
it is exactly the revet se of what he assumes it to be. 
The-Vaibhasikas did not maintain that Nirvana was a - 
kind of paradise, hut that the annihilation of all life 
(nirodha), the essence of Nirvana was a reality (mrodha 
-salya , vaslu), l e, a materialistic lifeless reality. The 
Sautranfakas, on the other hand, admit the existence 
of Buddha’s Cosmical Body ( dharmakayo ), i.e. they 
adhere to the Mahayana conception which consists 



C u ) 

in identifying Nirvana with the living woild itcslf 
Therefore, pisL ns the Mohfivamsts, they deny the 
realitv or Nirvana ns a seprnate element which 
transcends the living world It is a denial of 
the reality of that malcrinh-tic hind of annihilation 
which was favomed !>y flic VnibhiiMkes. 

VJI THE DOUBLE CII IK \CTER OF TIIE 
ABSOLUTE 

With legard to Nn v ana the Absolute, Indian 
piulosoph}\ jutt as m a bioeder hence. the plulosophj 
of mankind, i« divided between two diametrically 
opposed .solution 4 - The absolute end is cither eternal 
death, or it is eternal life 1 The fir~l is mateiiah^m 
the second «oine kind of idealism Both theories oie 
repicsented in India m Buddhism as veil as in 
Brahmanism The theory of r lernal death i-, represen¬ 
ted, on the Buddhism sale bv early Buddhism and 
the Yaibhasikas, on the Biahmamcal side, as will be 
seen later on by the eaily Xvay.i-Vaise-ukn The 
tlicoiy of eternal life is represented m the Bnddhet 
side by the Mahay,Ina and its piecursois on the 
Brahmanieal side by tlie Vedanta. Sankhyn, Yoga and 
the later Naij'ayikns Nirvana is a leality [dhcnnia 
zaslu) in the sense of a materialistic, lifeless (j /a sunn 

1 I find m modem popular works .ti>fatiiKior to biology the con¬ 
ception of a liFct“-5 Nirvlin.i and the term itself applied to des¬ 
cribe that condition of the universe which w*Il obtain when all 
energies will be c\b lusted (entropy) There 13 plumed a biolo¬ 
gical ‘Lusttncb ’ aud a Todestneb", the first would correspond 
to Tiei/opadeya hfmoptiilfini, the *econd to son am linjam or 
sarvam (hihkh'.na cp f~i"m Freud, Jen'cit* des Lustpnncip* 
(Vienna 1923), pp 32 80 




{ 43 ) 


sali ce f aso vimoksah, acetanah) 1 reality m ' the 
majority of the schools of early Buddhism and in the 
Vaibhasika school. They are also atheists and treat 
their Buddha as essentially human.® Such reality is 
domed by all those schools which adhere to the con¬ 
ception of a divine Buddha, i.o. by the Mahayamsts 
and their precursors in the Hlnayana. The conception 
of Buddha’s Cosmical Body {Hhanva-kayn) is shared by 
all the schools of Mahayana and by the intermediate 
school of the Sautrantikas According to the modern 
Mongols way of expressing it, m Hlnayana the supremo 
Buddha ( burhan-bagsht ) has no body, in the Mahayana 
and with the Sautrantikas he has a Body, and a better 
one (than before becoming Buddha), a glorious, 
all-embracing Body. 

As regards the reality or ideality of Nirvana the 
relative position of the contending sehools may be 
roughly represented in the following schematic way 

Vaibhasika and early schools—both samsara and 
nirvana real. 

Madhyamika—both samsara and nirvana unreal 
(sc separately unreal). 

Sautrantika—samsara real, nirvana unreal (sc. 
separately unreal. Yogacara or Vijnanavada—samsara 
unreal, nirvana real). The meaning of this scheme 
will emerge from the arguments advanced by each 
of the schools. 

1 Cp Madhy vi p 523 9. cp. transl m tlic Appendix 
This, of course, does not mean that exceptional, supernatural 
powers were not ascribed to him, but ho belonged to the manu~ 
sijahla. 



{ 44 ) 

VIII. THE VAIBIIASIKAS 
As mentioned above, they arc the continuators of 
the early school of the Sarviistivadms and may be 
here treated as the representatives of carl}* Buddlusm 
in general Their tenets which concern us at this 
place are the following ones Existence is. of a 
double kind, either transient and phenomenal, or 
eternal and absolute Both pnrts are then analysed 
into then elements, classified as elements of mnttci, 
mind and foices for the phenomenal part, and as 
space and Nnvana for the eternal one The elements 
of phenomenal life are divided into past, piescnt and 
future, and arc all conceived as lealitics the pnst 
and the future ones are ns real as the present ones. 
Tins lends to the construction of two sets of elements, 
the one representing then everlasting nature ( dluirma- 
svabMva), the other their momentaiy manifestation 
in actual life dhrnma lalsana ) 1 It is cleai that this 
theory bungs the Snrvnstivadm veiy near to the 
Sankliya system winch assumes an eternal matter 
and its momentary manifestations 2 . Therefore, 
students are specially warned not to confound both 
doctrines, and not to oveilook tlieir difference 3 
1 This t-hcoiy of the double set of elements is, very clearly analysed 
by 0 Koscnberg in his Problems, cf IX and XVIII Had 
M de la V P devoted to tlus book all the attention it deserves 
he never would have maintained thnt tho Nirvana of the Vai- 
bhasikas ib a paradise Judging by hn» swooping and unfair re- 
mmk on p XXI he bus entirely misunderstood tins remarkable 
book 

8 Cf Ab KoSn, V 21, aud mv Cenlinl Conception p 80 
a When pressed to give details about this lifeless condition of 
dltarma-svabMva the Viubbfisikns confess tboir ignorance, ibid, 
p. 75 and 90 



( « ) 


When all manifestations Me stopped, all forces extinct, 
remains the lifeless residue. It is impersonal, eternal 
death, and it is a separate element, a reality, the 
reality of the elements m their lifeless condition. 
This reality is very similar to the reality of the Sail- 
khya’s undifferentiated matter {piakrli), it is eternal, 
absolute death 1 The Sankhyas were dualists, 
and admitted besides eternal matter eternal 
souls, but the latter, as is well known, the Bud¬ 
dhists very energetically denied. Candrakirti 
refers to the Vaibhasika view in the following way. 
"If Nirvana is a reality per se ( bhava ), it cannot be a 
ample extinction. Of course, it lias been declared 
that consciousness is extinct ( mmoksa ) in nirvana, 
just as a light becomes extinct (when fuel is' exhausted,) 
but for us extinct life is not an entity {bhava)” To- 
this (the Vaibhasikas) answer “You must not under¬ 
stand nirvana to be the extinction of passion (and of 
life), but you must say that the entity (dharma) 
called nirvana is the thing m which passion and life 
are extinct. The extinction of light is a mere example, 
and it must be interpreted as pointing to that (inani¬ 
mate) thing which remains when consciousnes is- 
extinct ”. 3 

We need not insist that the school was atheistic 
and genuinely denied the reality of a substantial 
soul, whereas the Mahasamghikas, Vatslputriyas, 

1 Or something quite nndefinable, nihsati&saUam nthsadasad 
ntrasad avyaktam almgam pradhanam, Y. S. Vyasa II 19. 
a Yatmm sate cetam vim also (—mrodho) bhavali, ibid. 625. 
9., op. translation m the Append. 



( 46 ) 


Sautrantikas and Mahiiyfinists denied it one way 
and admitted it in another The state of Nirvana, as 
imagined by the Vaiblulsikas, affords some points of 
similarity with that state of the ’ inverse which 
modern science imagines will exist when all energies 
will be worked out, they will exist, since energy itself 
(sc. dkarma-svabhdva) is eternal, but they will not 
work. A condition m winch all energies arc extinct 
cannot be spiritual 1 

Of course simple materialism goes under the 
name of ucchcdavuda, against which Buddha is reported 
to have made an emphatic protest. But Bimplc 
materialism in India as elsewhere, is nirvana at every 
death ( dehochhcdomoLtah ). a without retribution for 
one’s deeds in future life The complicated svstem 
of worlds imagined by Buddha, through which the 
elements composing individual existences arc gradually, 
one after the other, lcduccd to n state of quiescence and 
extinction, until m final nirvana all aie extinct—is 
nothing but the leahsation of the moral law The 
woilds are “pioduced’’ by lamia, which corresponds 
to a conception or evolution going on under the 
influence of an accumulation of moral merit 3 Pimple 
materialism loaves no room for the working of this 

1 European mystics, of course, put nil the variety of the Indian 
speculations about Nirvana into the same bag and declare that 
negative for our reason, it w emotionally very positive indeed^ 
“dem Gcfuhl nnch cm Positivum starkster Foim”, of Holler, 
op cit p 41, following B Otto, Dns Hoihge. 

* Sarvadarf , p 3 (B Ind ) 

* Op 0 Bosenberg, Problems XVT. 



( 47 ) 

law. But neither does, according to Buddha, an 
eternal spiritual principle leave room for it. The 
moral law conduces through a very long process of 
evolution the living world into a Btate of final quies¬ 
cence where there is no life hut something lifeless, 
inanimate . 1 In this sense, the Vaibhasika outlook 
resembles the materialism of modem science . 2 

IX THE SAUTRANTIKAS 

This school, as mentioned above, had quite 
different tendencies. They denied that the past and 
future elements really existed in the same sense as the 
present ones did They took much more natural 
view The past is what did exist, and the future is 
what will exist after not having existed. They conse¬ 
quently rejected the double set of elements, the eter¬ 
nal essence and the manifestations, and admitted the 

1 All the lcferencos adduced by M dc la V. P. from Sanghabhadra 
and Ab , Kosa, II, 53 only assort that mrvfina, according to the 
Vaibliasikas, -was a vaelv, but not that it was living or spiritual. 
a Prof M Ancsaki, Nicknea {Cambridge, 1916} p 137 ff evidently 
alludes to the Yaibhiisikas when nssertmg that Buddhism in¬ 
cludes a materialistic school, or a school which its opponents 
chaiactcmcd as mateiahstic As a curiosity it may be added 
that when the educational authorities of the newly founded 
republic of Bnnats in Transhaikaha started an antirehgious 
propaganda, they first of all a«sniled the doctrine of transmigra¬ 
tion in its popular form and insisted on the fact that modem 
science favours a matciialistic new of the universe. The Bu¬ 
ddhist monks, who ore Maliayamsts, retorted in a pamphlet 
in which they developed the new that materialism is not un¬ 
known to them, since the Vaibhasikas maintained that after 
Nirvana, every life ceases for ever. 



( 18 ) 


reality of these manifestations alone. Nirvana was 
the absolute end of the manifestations, the end of 
passion and life (llefa-janmanor Jesayah), without 
any counterpait It decidedly insisted upon the 
fact that nirvana means only the end of the process of 
life, without any lifeless substance ( dharma) as the 
residue or the substiatum in winch life has been 
extinguished Nirvana thus loses its materialistic 
character. The denial of the Sautruntikas is no demal 
of Nirvana in general not a denial of an idealistic 
absolute. There is no Buddhism possible without 
Nirvana, since without Nirvana means without a 
Buddha. But the Sautrantikas denied the material¬ 
istic Nirvana, just as all the Mahayanists did. 

The original works of the Sautrantika school, 
as mentioned above, are not yet accessible. The school 
probably contained a great variety of philosophical 
constructions. The later Sautruntikas coalesced with 
the Mahayamsts and formed the hybrid schools of the 
Sautrantika-Yogacara and Madhyamika-Sautrantikas . 1 
This fact alone proves that on the vital questions of 
Nirvana and Buddha they closely adhered to later 
Buddhism and can be characterised as a transitional 
school From Tibetan sources 2 we know that they 
admitted the doctrine of dhai mahaya, i.e., of a divine 
Buddha, and this solves the question, because this 
dogma is the co mm on characteristic of all the schools 
of the Mahayana. They differed from the latter in 
that they admitted the reality of the phenomenal 

- 1 Wassilief, Buddhism, pp 321 ff 
3 Ibid p 286 



( 49 ) 

-world which with them included only sense-data, 
consciousness and volition. The momentary flashes 
to which these entities were reduced were never¬ 
theless conceived as real, not illusions, and their 
total extinction in Nirvana was maintained They 
neither admitted the monistic spiritual principle 
(alaya-vvjfiana) of the idealistic Mahayanists, 
nor the principle of relativity {s’dnyavada) of the 
Madhy amikas . What their lme of argument was 
we know from the work of Vasumitra upon the early 
schools 1 . The author was himself a Sautrantika 
and closes his work with an enumeration of their 
principal tenets, such tenets that were shared 
by all the adherents of the school. We find here 
(under No 3) their tenet that there are two kinds of 
elements ( skandkas) Besides those which are subject 
to total extinction at the time of Nirvana, there is a 
subtle consciousness which survives after Nirvana 
and of which the former are but a manifestation 2 . 
We have here the germ of the dlaya-vyndna of the 
Yogacaras If later on the Sautrantikas objected to 
this tenet, they probably did it only because, m the 
Yogacara system, it involved the illusory character of 
the external world, whereas the Sautrantikas stuck 
to its reahty. Most probably they were in this point 
only the continuators of the Mahasamghikas, i.e. 

1 Samaya-bheda-uparacana-cakra, transl for the first tune by 
Wassihef in bis Buddhism A new English translation with co¬ 
pious and very instructive notes by J Masuda appeared m Asia 
Major, II 1 pp. 1-78 

2 This is also known from Tibetan sources, of 'Wassilzef 
op.oit p. 273. 




( GO ) 


they adhered io that tendency which at. an early date 
manifested itself among the schools of the Hinnytina 
and icpiesentcd a protest against the treatment of 
Buddha as cssentiallj’’ human and against the theory 
of Ins total disappearance m a materialistic Nirvana. 
Since cvciy school of the MahFiy.1i.ia interpreted 
dhaimalinja accoidmg to their own ideas m philo¬ 
sophy. the Snutiantikns likewise mteipietcd it as a 
peisomfication of their subtle consciousness 1 

X. THE YOGACAKAS 

This was an idealism school founded by Arylisanga 
in the IY-Y Century A D. 

Idealistic views (vijndna-vatla) have appeared m 
the histoiy of Buddhistic philosophy several times 
and at diffeient places We have, fiist of all cano- 

* It thus appears tlmt Prof II Kern, Mnnunl, p 123, nns right m 
maintaining that “among old sects the Mnhiisamghikns enter¬ 
tained mens agreemg Math the Mrihujiinn” It is also clear 
that the Vatstputrljrns (Vnjjiputtakns) established their pud- 
galavada mth no other aim than that of supporting the doctrine 
of a supernatural, surviving Buddha from the philosophical side. 
Indirectly this provos how philosophic the genuine primitive 
Buddha must have been The very character of the argument of 
the Vutstputrivas m favour of the pudgdla is suggestive It 
was neither n dharma —this they could not maintain, so fresh was 
its categorical denial by the Master m memory—but neither 
was it something different from a dharma It was already in¬ 
expressible at that time. Had not the denial of the dlmd bcon 
so categorical, the Votsiputrlyns would have certainly invented 
another, and not so twisted an argument in support of thoir 
■belief m a supernatural Buddha Cf Ab KoSa, IX and mv Soul 
Theory, p 830 




A 61 ) 

-nical works like the Lankawia rasutra, and others, 
which are written in imitation of the Upanisads, 
in a style intentionally averse to precision 1 . And 
i>hen we have the three systems of Aivaghosa, 
Aryasanga and Dignaga. As Mahayanists, they are 
Jill momsts and believers in the Cosmical Body of 
the Buddha. But in the process of realisation of this 
unique substance they all admit the existence of one 
or store consciousness alaya-vijnana m addition 
to that indefinite 6 consciousness {citla = manas= 
vv/iiana) which was admitted in the Hinayana, and 

1 la the Lankavatara, p. 182-86 (ed Tokyo 1924) more than 20 
different opinions about Nirvapa are mentioned The first evi¬ 
dently alludes to the opinion of the HInayamsts and the last 
looks like the opinions of the Yogacaras. All are rejected on 
the score that Nirvana is imdefinable It is the Madhyamika 
view But the majority of the solutions there mentioned evi¬ 
dently never existed, and those that existed are so formulated 
that it is difficult to recognise them. It is a fanciful literary 
composition Aryadeva’s comment transL by G. Tucci, T’oung 
Pao XXV, p 16 ff, looks like forgery by some incompetent pandit. 
The Tibetan Bstan-hgyur, as already noticed by Wassihef, is 
also full of forged tracts aBcnbed to Aivaghosa, Nagarjum and 
Axyadeva The last solution, p 184, 1 15, ff, which in the 
antra is evidently mentioned pour la bonne bondhe is not to be 
discovered at all in the ennmeration of the comment It has 
not escaped the perspicacity of E. Burnouf, Introduction. 
(2) p 462, that this last solution, although seemingly rejected, 
was the one favoured by the author. I find no mention of E 
Burnouf s translation and comment in the article of G Tucci. 
a That vigRina-gtandha is nothing else than mrmJcal'palam jUSnam 
and samjna slandha nothing else than sawkalpalam inanarn 
as stated m my Central Conception, p 18-19, is now corroborated 
by TFdayana, Pan4nddbi, p 213-14 (B I) 



( 62 ) 

they all deny the reahty of the external world They 
thus reduce all the elements ( dkaima ) of Hinayana 
to modes of one single conscious principle. A£vghosa’& 
system 1 is in all essential points the same as the 
Madhyamika’s, but it accepts the theory of an “All- 
conserving mind” (alaya-vyfiana), as a stage m the 
evolution of “Suchness” ( tathatS ) in which consci¬ 
ousness is awakened” 2 

The Yogaciira school is divided mto the anuent- 
one, or the followers of Aryasanga, and the new one, or 
the followers of Dignnga. The first® established their- 
ideahstic views on a new interpretation of the old 
Abhidharma Aryasanga himself composed a Malia- 
yamstic Abhidharma, 4 where the number of elements 
(dharma) is mcreased from 75 to 100 The alaya - 
vtjnana is here a new element, a store-house, a real 
granary, where the seeds (bija) of all future ideas and 
the traces of all past deeds are stored up However, 
it is not the Absolute It belongs to the phenomenal 

1 Whether this Aivaghosa, a Mahayamsfc, is the same as the author 
of Buddhacanta has been doubted About this system cp Suzuki, 
Discourse ou the Awakening of the Faith (Chicago, 1900) and 
Yamakami Sogon, Systems of Buddhist Thought, p 252 ff. 
(Calcutta, 1912) 
s Suzuki, Op cit p 151 

3 A clear exposition of Aryasanga’s system is to bo found m the 
Trimsika of Vasubundhu with a comment by Sthiramati, ed by 
Sylvain Levi (Pans 1925) Cp Yamakami Sogen, op cit 210 ff. 
Cp, B Keith, Buddhist Phil, p 242 ff where all the literature is. 
indicated A still earlier (third) school of that name is mentioned, 
ef Wossihef, DharmatJ, p. 76. 

4 Abbidharma-samuoonya, Bstan- hgyur, Mdo, vol. 32 




( 53 ) 


part of existence because all the results (vipala) 1 of 
karma are there stored up. This store-consciousness 
in this system occupies a position analogous to the 
primitive matter {pradhana) 2 of the Sahkhya school. 
All individual objects and ideas are regarded as its 
modifications (parindma) by the Samkhya. The 
Yogacaras likewise regard all separate ideas as modifi¬ 
cations of their store-consciousness. This represents a 
•disguised return from the theory of a stream of thought 
to the doctrine of a substantial soul 3 . In the stream 
•of thought, every preceding moment of the conscious- 
nes8 is the cause of the next following one. This 
relation called samanantara-pratyaya is now replaced 
by the relation of the store consciousness ( alaya ) to 
its modifications ( pannama ) 4 , 

But in the Samkhya system both the Primitive 
flatter and its modifications were realities. The 
Yogacaras regarded both as unreal. From their 
predecessors, the Madhyamikas, they adopted the 
theory of the relativity and consequent unr eality 
(sunyata-mhsvabhavatd) of all inividual existence 5 , 
of all plurality, with that difference that they intro¬ 
duced different degrees of this unreality. First 
of all, individual ideas were unreal because they 

1 Cp Tnmtika, p 18.21. 
a Ibid p 36. 9 

s Cp my Central Conception, 35. 

Tnmihka p 34.5. £ This is Stbiramati's view about alaya. Other 
views were entertained by Nanda, Dignaga and Dharmapala, 
' Cp Schiefher, Taranatha. p. 301. 

3 Ibid. p. 41-2. 



( 54 ) 

were logical constructions (pankalpita) without any 
adequate reality corresponding to them in the exter¬ 
nal world This was called their essential unreality 
(laJcsana-nihsvabliavatd) 1 They were nevertheless 
contingently real (paiatantra) in the sense that they 
obeyed to causal laws (ptatUya-sanwtpada). 2 -This 
was called their causal unreality or relativity ( utpath - 
mhsvabJidvatd) They were at least unreal (indivi¬ 
dually as far as they were merged m the unique reality 
(paiimspanna) of the Absolute {iatliatd-dhaimatd) This 
was called their absolute unreakty (pai aindi t3ia~m hsva- 
bhavald ) 3 as individual entities It was the same as 
their reahty.an the Absolute; their reality, so to say sub 
specie aefej mtatis i The-Absolute thus' b ecame immanent 
to the phenomenal world, it wins neither different,' nor 
undifferent (nanya nananya ) 4 As an assemblage 
of individual ideas it was different, but viewed as an 
organic whole it became identical It was' a spiritual 
Absolute ( citta-ifharmata ), 6 pure consciousness, un¬ 
differentiated into*subject and .object ( gidhya-gidhalca- 
raluta) ® It is the essence of Reality^ ( dhaima-dhdtii ) 
and it is, therefore, identified with the Cosnncal Body 
(ittiania-icdyaj of the * ifuddha 7 All the numerous 
synonyms which are u sed to characterise this coneep- 

J Tnrn&ka p 41 14 

2 Ibid p 41-18 op p 16 16 vijnanam pratitya-samutpannatvad 

dravyato’sti 

2 Ibid p 41 23-4 ’ ' 

4 Ibid p 40 6 

* Tbld p 42 16 ' ' 

2 Ibid p 40 4 " ‘ . 

' Ibid p 43 25 ‘ ' ' 


( 55 ) 

tion in other schools can be applied to it. 1 The yogin 
in his mystic intuition is supposed to possess a direct 
cognition of this undifferentiated pure consciousness 
(advaya laksanam vijnapd-mdtram). 2 

In the closmg chapter of his Abhidharmakosa, 
Vasubandhu mentions the Mahayamst view that all 
separate elements, the dhovmos of the Hmayana, 
have no ultimate reality 3 ' At that time be rejects’ 
this view, but later on, near to the close of his long 
life, he changes his stand-point, and accepts the idealis¬ 
tic theory of his elder brother Asahga. Asafiga 
himself seems also to have, at a certain period of his 
life, fluctuated between tbe two mam lines in which 
Mahayana was spht 4 But at the end" of their career 
both brothers' definitely settled in the conviction 
that the Universe was a logical construction 3 ,that all 
its separate elements were relative not real> in theud- 
selves, but that they possesed another reality, the 
panmspanna , a reality in the Absolute; * they weie 
real when regarded svh specie aeterintaiis. The 
Theory of Salvation, of this transition from samsara 

1 TrimiikfL p 41 26 '' ’ ' 

* Ibid p 42 20 

* Cp the translation of M de la V. P,‘ IX p 273 and my Soul 

Theory i,p 858./ i ; 

4 According to .the Tibetans, among .the 5 works of Maitreya- 
Asanga some ai;e written from the t Yogacara standpoint, some 
from Madhyamika-svatantnka and one from the Madhyamika- 
prasangika view , 

* Tnmiika, XVIl/ sarvam vtjnaptimalralam, and Sthvramala 
remarks p 35, that sarvam includes both the phenomenal world 
and the Absolute, sarvam tit traidhaluiani asamslfUim oa " * ' 


( 56 ) 


into nirvana, out of the phenomenal world into the 
Absolute—this greatest puzzle of the Indian mind— 
underwent a complete change as a consequence of the 
change in the ontological view In Hinayana where, 
as we have seen, both samsara and nirvana were consi¬ 
dered as realities, the mystic power of yoga was called 
upon to achieve the transition out of the one into the 
other. Actual experience of trance in meditation sug¬ 
gested to the Buddhist philosophers that yoga was 
capable of arresting some functions of the senses 
and of the intellect And since the world was analysed 
in bits of senses and sense data, it seemed only logical 
to admit that yoga could achieve the task of arresting 
the life of the universe forever 

The great change produced by the Mahayana 
consisted m the view that the absolute was immanent 
in the World There was consequently no need of 
converting the elements of the phenomenal world 
into eternal elements, the sariiskrta-dkarmas into 
asarhskrta-dharmas , the samsara into nirvana The 
change consisted in the change of aspect The mystic 
power of yoga was now invoiced not m order to produce 
a real change in the constitution of the Umverse but 
in order to replace the wrong ideas of unsophisticated 
humanity by an intuition of what was absolutely 
real To the yogi, the world appeared m a quite dif¬ 
ferent aspect, he viewed every separate object as un¬ 
real separately, but real sub specie aeternitatis For 
him the elements ( dharmas ) of the Umverse needed 
no conversion into eternal ones, they were themselves 
eternally “quiescent”. 



( 57 ) 

The Hinayamstic conception of separate elements 
\dluvmas) which were active m phenomenal life and. 
-quiescent {Santa) or extinct (niruddha). m Nirvana 
was, according to the Yogacaras, contrary to reason. 
If they were real they could not disappear totally. 
They were, accordingly, declared to have been 
.always quiescent, quiescent or extinct from the 
outset (cidi-'anta ) 1 To regard them as active, in 
the transcendental sense, is an illusion In that 
sense, it can be asserted, that nirvana is real and 
samsara unreal. 

In the system of Dignaga, the old Abhidharma 
-is forsaken altogether and replaced by logic and episte¬ 
mology Dignaga started with the reform of the 
•Rra.hnm.mefl.1 logic (nyaya) and adapted it to Buddhist 
ideas. His analysis of cognition resulted in the con¬ 
ception of an extreme concrete and individual (svalak- 
sana), the root, or , so to say, the differential of cogni¬ 
tion, a point instant {ksatm) in which existence and 
•cognition, object and subject, coalesce 2 The concep- 

1 Cf Mah&yanasutralamkara, ed Sylvam Levi (Pans 1907), XI 
51 ttsl ibid (Pans 1911) “lls (les dharma) sent origmellement 
en Paix et en efcat de Pan-Nirvana” Cf St Schayer. Die 
-Erlosungslehren der Yogacaras nach dem S&tralamkSra des 
Asanga, Z far Indologie, II, 1 p 99, ff The idea tbat all ele¬ 
ments are originally quiescent (Santa=mrvTata) so eternally ex¬ 
tinct, an idea leading to the theory of everything being real sub 
specie aetemitatis is likewise expressed by Nagarjuna, Hadhy. 
s , VII, 16 —Pradtya yad yad bhavati tat tac chantam svabhavatah 
* A very interesting and rather subtle discussion between Can- 
drakirti and Dignaga about the point-instant m which exist¬ 
ence and cognition are supposed to coalesce is fonnd u hi. vr 
p 59 ff, transl. in the Appendix Cp my Buddhist Logic and 
Epistemology, ch. VII. 



( 38 ) 


tion of fins idealistic school icgnrding Nirviitin may 
bo gnthcied flora the closing words of Dhnininkirliin 
Ins “Examination of Solipsism ' 1 The question is asked 
how is the omniscience of Buddhas to be understood 
of the Buddhas nhn.li ate the peisom/ication of pure 
consciousness undifferentiated into subject and object, 
and it is nnswci ed t ha t f he ‘ponet ra t ion of the Buddhas 
into evci y o\'isting object is something inconceivable, 
it is m every resjiect bevond what we mav express 
in speech or cognise in concepts 

XI THE MADHYA MIKAS 

This f system of philosophy and dialectics is the 
foundation of the Mahay it mi Lchgion Although other 
systems—the lcahsm ot the Sar\astr\iidms and the 
idealism of the Yogacaias—arc albo studied rathe 
monastac schools of the countries where this ichgion 
flourishes, ncveitheless the Madhyaimka system is 
generally regaided ns the tiue background of the 
religious feelings of its votaries Foi it must be 
allowed thatrthe Mahuyfiim is a-truly new religion, 
so radically different from Early Buddhism that 
it exhibits as many points of contact with later Brah- 
manical religions as with its own predecessor Prof 
O Rosenberg calls it a separate “church 5 ’ and compares 
its position with the Roman Catholicism vetsus 
Protestantism 2 The difference is even mor’e radical- 
since the new religion was obliged, to produce a new 
canon of Scriptures _,_,_ 

1 Sdmtannntnrasiddhi, edited by mo in the B B and translated 
into .Russian m the senes, - • 1 

a 0 Bosenberg, Problcmc dcr B Philosophic, XIX., -« *' *' 



( >59 ) 

It never lias been fully realised what a radical 
revolution had transformed the Buddhist church when 
the new spirit winch however was for a long tune lurk¬ 
ing in it arrived at full conclusion in the first centuries 
AC "When we see an atheistic, soul-denying philo¬ 
sophic teaching of a path to personal Final Deliverance, 
consisting in an absolute cxtmciton of life, and a simple 
worship of the memory of its human foundeir,—when 
we see it superseded by a magnificent High Chuich 
with a Supreme God, surrounded by a numerous pan¬ 
theon and a host of Saints, a religion highly devo¬ 
tional. highly cremomous and clerical, with an ideal 
of Universal Salvation of-all living creatures, .a Salva¬ 
tion by the divine grace of Buddhas and the Bodkisat- 
tvas, a Salvation not m annihilation, but in eternal 
hfq,—-we are fully justified in maintaining that the 
history of religions has scarcely witnessed, ,such a 
break between new and old 1 within the pale of what 
nevertheless continues to claim common descent 
from the same religious founder . 2 -Yet the'pMoso- 

1 Very characteristic is also the fact’that Bddhlst art of theaneieut 
period represented Buddha by an empty place'or a ‘symbol which 
later On is replaced by a divide figure of thcAppollo type. Not¬ 
withstanding Prof- Grunwedel’g contrary view (Bnddhisfaehe 
Knnst, 1st cd p 68) the only explanation seems to be'that the 
total disappearance of Buddha in Nirvana' was thus' given 
pictorial expression' ' ' ‘ 

* The two churches coexisted peacefully in the same monaterics, 
because the Buddhists very wisely always made allowance for 
human nature which sometimes feels inclination towards a sinipie 
Atkmalisitic Low -Church and "sometimes is attracted towards a 
' devotional and magnificent Hig h Churoh 1 They divided h uma — 




( 60 ) 


pineal system which is the foundation of this new reli¬ 
gion is usually represented as the extreme expression 
and the logical consequence of that pessimism and 
skepticism by which Early Buddhism is supposed to 
have been inspired. It 13 charactensed as “complete 
and pure nilubsm’', as the “legitimate logical out¬ 
come of the principles underlying ancient Buddhism” 1 
It is accused of teaching that “all our ideas are based 
upon a non-entity or upon the voids”. 2 It is repre¬ 
sented as a “negativism which radically empties exis¬ 
tence up to the last consequences of negation”, 3 a 
doctrine whose conception of reality was one of “abso¬ 
lute nothingness”, 4 The Madhyamikas are called 

mty in families (gotra) of whioh some by nature belonged to the 
low-ohuroh family (Hinayana=binfidhunukti) and others to the 
high church family We must imagine the process by which some 
originally Hinayanastic monasteries gradually turned MahayS- 
nistio as a process of aggrandisement The educational Buddhist 
monasteries, which are comparable to mediaeval universities, 
were aggrandised by the addition of a new college which received 
its own temple and body of monks studying a new special litera¬ 
ture and conducting a special worship In present days we can 
witness in Transbaikalia the addition of monks, a special literature 
and a special worship The different types of Buddhist mona¬ 
steries are described by B Baradun in a very instructive work 
now published at Verchne-Oudingsk, It was accessible to me in 
MSB during my visit to that town in 1929 
"* H Kern, Manual, p 126 , a Barth Quarante nns, I p 108, M 
de la Vallee Poussin, Bouddhismep 186 
* H Jacobi, A O J m XXXI p 1 
■* M Walleser, Die B Phil II p III Der altere Vedanta p44 
4 B Keith, op oit pp. 287, 239, 247, 261 eto Prof Keith's 
exposition contains (p 259) what, m my opinion, is the right 



( 61 ) 

the most radical Nihilists that ever existed . 1 When 
compared with Vedanta, it has been asserted that 
negation has a positive counterpart in that system, 
whereas there is none m the Madbyamika Negation 
m the latter is represented as its “exclusive ultimate 
end (Selbstzweck ). 2 

The opponents of Mahayana in India desciibe 
it much in the same manner Thus Rumania accuses 
the Madhyamikas not only of denying the existence 
of external objects, but of denying the reality of our 

view, viz, that Nagarjuna’s real object was to show that the in¬ 
tellect “condemns itself as inadequate just as it finds hopeless 
antinomies in the world of experience ” As prof Keith very well 
knows, Nagarjuna is not theonly philosoper who adhered to such 
a line of argiung, very celebrated men have done that Whv then 
should Nagarjuna’s main conceptions be “difficult and obscure ’ 
(ibid) ? He also hits the right mark when hepomts to a pri¬ 
mitive, non-differentiated reality, identified with Buddha’s 
Cosmical Body (dharma-kaya), as the central conception of 
Mahayana He even finds (ibid p 225) much more reality and 
activity m this conception than in the absolute of the Vedanta 
with which it is so strikingly si mila r How are these views to 
harmonize with the conflicting opinions of the same author 
e g p 261 where it is asserted that for Nagarjuna the world was 
“absolute nothingness”, that it was “utterly unreal” I am at a 
loss to explain. Or does prof Keith suppose that Nagarjuna did 
not admit the doctrine of Dharmakaya, or that, having admitted 
it, he did not fully realise its consequences, or that "the positive 
side of the Mah&yana” (p 257) is a later development out of its 
negative Bide 8 

1 I. Waoh, Mahayana, p 58 

* M Walleser, Deraltere Vedanta, p 42 “Sekbstaweck is explicityly 
denied by Nagarjuna, XXIV, 7 and many other places. 




{ 02 ) 

ideas as well . 1 VficaspntimiSra is full of respect 
towards Buddhist logicians but for the Madhyamikas 
Jic has only remarks of cxticmc contempt he calls 
fools,® and accuses them of i educing cognition to no¬ 
thing 3 Sankara accuses them of disregai ding all 
logic and refuses to enter in a controversy until them. 
The position of Saiikaia is inteiesting because, at heart, 
he is m full agieemcnt with the Madhyamikas, at least 
m the main lines since both maintain the reality of 
the One-without a-socond, and the milage of the mam- 
fold But Saiikaia, as an nident hater of Buddhism, 
would never confess that. He therefore, treats the 
Madliyamiba, with great contempt, but not on the 
scoie of a “denial of the existence of our ideas’’, or 
of maintaining “absolute nothingness,” but on the 
charge that the Madhyamika denies the possibility 
of cognising the absolute by logical methods (pramana) 
Vacaspatimi^ra in the Bhamati lightly intei pi ets this 
point as referring to the opinion of the Madhyamikas 

1 Slokavarbikn, Niralnmbanavfida, 14, In fact, the Madhyamikas 
denied the validity of the pramiinas and maintained that external 
and internal were oorrelative terms which ore meaningless beyond 
this correlation, see below p 42 
s dovanum-priya, of Tntp-tika, p 841 23 409 9 
3 Ibid ad N S IV 1 28 snrvft-Sunyntvc kliyutur abhavdt khyiiter 
abhavah Vuoaspati kuans that they deny abhava just as much, 
and m the same sense, as they deny bhiiva, of Bhamaia acL 
V S II 2 32 na oa nisbattvatfuva tatvam bhavanam, tatha 
sati hi tattvabhavah syat, solspi oa viouram nasahnta lty uktam. 
bhavadhih He also knows that to transform every thing into 
abhava is tantamout to endow non-reahty with reality, to have a 
vigrahavan abhavah ibid 389 22 But this does not prevent 
him from repeating popular accusations , 




( 63 ) 

•that the logic is incapable to solve the question about 
■what existence or non-existence xeally is. This 
opinion Sankara himself, as is wellknown, shares. 
He does not accept the authority of logic as a means 
of co gnising the Absolute, but he deems it a privilege 
of the Vedanta to fare without logic, since he has 
Revelation to fall back upon From all his opponents 
he requires strict logical methods 1 It nust be added 

1 Cf Deussen, System des Vedanta p 99, Sankara ad V. S. 
II 2 38. The MMhyamika denies the validity o£ logic, i e of 
disoursivG conceptual thought, to establish the ultimate troth. 
On the charge that m dong so he himself resorts to some logic, 
he replies that the logic of common hfe is sufficient for showing 
that all systems contradict one another and that our fundamental 
conceptions do not resist scrutiny, cf Vacaspaia, Tatparya-tlka, 
p 249—avicanta-siddhaih pramanair itaresam pramanyam prati- 
sidhyate This is exactly the standpoint which is developed with 
such infinite subtlty and ingenuity by Sriharsa in his Khandana- 
khanda-khadya where he opely confesses that there is but little 
difference between Buddhism and Vedanta, a circumstance which 
Sankara carefully conceals But in later works, e.g., Vedanta- 
panbhasa, or Nyayamakaranda, different pramanas are established 
as proofs for the existence of brahman. Vftien commenting upon 
the V S. II. 2 28 Sankara, in combating Buddhist idealism 
resorts to arguments of whioh he himself does not believe a word, 
since they are arguments whch the most genuine realist would 
use He thus argues not svamatenc, but paramatam aJrttya, 
a method very much m vogue among Indian pandits Deussen’s 
interpretation of this point, op oit page 260, as intended to vin¬ 
dicate vyavahara satya is a misunderstanding, since theBnddhist 
never denied the vyavahara or samvntta Against M Sallewer’s 
Dei alters Vedanta p 43 opinion that the objectivity of our ideas 
themselves is meant, it must be pointed out that the Buddhists 
did not deny the jfian&kara, and Sankara clearly states that ex¬ 
ternal objects, not ideas are meant—tasmad arth-jnanayor bhedah. 



( 64 ) 


that the Japanese scholars, Suzuki, Anesaki, Yamaka- 
mi Sogan and others who have a direct knowledge of 
what Mahayana is hare never commited the mistake 
of regarding its philosophy as nihilism or pure negati¬ 
vism 

We will now shortly refer to the main lines of 
the philosophy of the Hmayana morder better to show 
the radical change produced by the spirit of Mahayana 
and thus to elicit the aim of its philosophy. 

XII THE DOCTRINE OF CAUSALITY IN 
THE HINAYlNA 

In a previous work 1 we have characterised Early 
Buddhism (Hinayana) as a system of metaphysics 
which contained an analysis of existence into its com¬ 
ponent parts, and established a certain number of 
ultimate data (dharma) Every combination of these 
data was then declared to represent a nominal, not 
an ultimate reality A substantial Soul was thus 
transformed into a stream of continuously flowing 
discrete moments of sensation or pure consciousness 
(vijnana), accompanied by moments of feeling, of 
ideation, vohtion (vedana-samna-samskara) etc Mat¬ 
ter (rupa) was conceived on the same pattern, as a 
flow of momentary flashes without any continuant 
stuff, but characterised by impenetrability, and re¬ 
presenting the senses (ayatana 1-5) and sense data 
(ayatana 7-11) The world was thus transformed into 
a cmema The categories of substance, quality and 
moiaon-for momentary flashes could possess no motion- 

1 Tie Central Conception of Buddhism. 



( 65 ) 


were denied but the reality of sense data and of the 
elements of mind, was admitted. All these elemen¬ 
tary data were conceived as obeying causal laws- 
But the conception of causality was adapted to the 
character of these entities which could neither change 
nor move, but could only appear and disappear- 
Causation was called dependently-coordinated-origi- 
nation (pratitya-samutpada), or dependent exis¬ 
tence. The meaning of it was that every momentary 
entity sprang into existence, or flashed up, in coordi¬ 
nation with other moments Its formula was "if 
there is this, there appeals that ” 1 Causality was 
thus assumed to exist between moments only the 
appearance of every moment being coordinated with 
the appearance of a number of other moments Strictly 
speaking it was no causality at all, no question of one 
thing ptoducinq the other There could be neither 
° causa efficiens, since one momentary entity, dis¬ 
appearing as it did at once, could not influence any 
other entity. So the formula was supplemented by 
another one “not from itself (causa matenalis), not 
from something foreign (causa efficiens), nor a combi¬ 
nation of both does an entity spring up ”, 8 it is coor¬ 
dinated, it is not really produced ”. 8 Apart from 

1 The some formula in the Pali Canon (Majjh II. 28 etc) m the 
Ab. Kosa, in 18 and 28 and Madhy. vi. p. 10 In the latter ins tance 
asmm sati idam bhavati, hrasve dlrgham yatha sati, the formula 
dearly refers to coordination, not to causation. 

8 Samy. II 113 and Madhy Kar I. 1. XII. 1 

* Madhy vi p 7—tat tat prapya yad utpannsm notpannam. 
tat svabhavatah, ibid, p 375-6—paramarthato’ tynatanut— 
padatvat sarvadharmanam. 



( 66 ) 

these momentary entities 1 tlie system admitted eternal 
unchanging elements, Space and Nirvana, the latter 
representing some indefinite essence (dharma-sva- 
bhavn), of these forces which were active m pheno¬ 
menal life, but are now extinct and converted mto 
eternal death Thus both the phenomenal world 
and this kind of an absolute, both samsnra and nir¬ 
vana, weie conceived as realities, somehow intercon¬ 
nected, linked together in a whole (sarvam), but in an 
ideal whole, having as a combination of elements, 
only nominal existence 2 

XIII THIS DOCTRINE MODIFIED IN 
MAHAYANA 

Now, the Madhyamika system started with an 
entirely different conception of reality Real was 
what possessed a reality of its own (sva-bhava), what 
was not produced by causes (akitaka=asamskita), 
what was not dependent upon anything else (paratra 

1 If I am not very muoh mistaken, this view of oausahty viz 
that there is, properly speaking, no real oausahty, that this 
notion should be eanoelled altogether and replaced by a law of 
coordination between pomt-mstants, is not quite a stranger 
to modern science and philosophy, of B Bussell, On the Notion 
of Cause, in Mysticism and Logic p 194 The Buddhist con¬ 
ception of causality would thus be something similar to the 
conception of a function m mathematics, “funktionelle Abhan- 
gigkit”, snch a view of oausahty as was entertained in Europe by 
D’Alembert, Comte, Claude Bernard, Avenanus, E Maoh and 
others ,op the references on Eister, Handworterbuch der Phi¬ 
losophic, p 33S We hope to devote before long a special article 
to this question 

s Op my Central Conceptions p 6 and below p Sit 6 




( 07 ) 

airapelcsa) 1 In Hlnayana, tlie elements, although, 
inter-dependent (samskrta = pratityasamutpanna), 
were real (vastn) In Maliavana all elements be¬ 
cause tntet dependent, were unreal (bunya— svnbhava- 
sunya) 2 In Hlnayana every whole (ra&i=avayavin) 
is regarded as a nominal existence (prajnapatisat) 
and only the parts or ultimate elements (dharma) 
are real (vastu) 'n Mahayana all parts or elements 
are unreal (siinya), and only the whole, 1 e. the whole 
of the wholes (dharmata = dharma-kaya), is real. 
The definition of reality (tattva) m Mahayana is the 
folowing one—‘‘uncogmsable from without, quiescent, 
undifferentiated in words, unrealisable m concepts, 
non-plural—this is the essence of reality”. 3 A de¬ 
pendent existence is no real existence, just as brorrowed 
money is no real wealth 4 The theory that all real 
existence can last only for a moment, since two mo- 

1 Madhy ELnr XV In the sequel, the references with Roman 
figures mil refer to chapter and kanka of Nagaijunas 
Madhyamika Sastra, and the references in Arabic figures to 
Candrakirti’s comment B B IV 

- It is clear that wehave here that conception of a substance inde¬ 
pendently existing which is well known to the students ofEuropean 
philosophy, op Spinoza's definition of substance as quod in se est 
et per se concxpitur” This conception resnltcd either in establi¬ 
shing the theory of a harmoma generahter stabhts in order to 
explain the interdependence of the monads, or to the view that 
there is only one unique substance The latter view is taken in 
Mahayana, the former in Hlnayana, where the harmony between 
monAds is established by karma as a special force (samskara), 
the force xaresoxnv, the itpca T ovxivo vv 

3 Ibid XVIII 9 

4 Ibid p 263 3 Kalika-ayacitakam 




( 69 ) 

XIV THE DOCTRINE OE RELATIVITY 
In Mahayana, we are thus faced by a new 
interpretation of the old Buddhist principle of the 
dependently-coordinated-existenco of the elements 
(dhaimanclm ptatZtya-sam-iitpada). It is now being 
declared that whatsoever is dependent 01 relative 
c ann ot be considered as an ultimate reality, and this 
feature is then pressed to its last extreme In Hjnayar- 
existence was bifurcated in conditioned and 
unconditioned ( samshrta and asariiski(a), both being 
realities Neither of them is now considered as 
ultimatly real, and both are brought under the higher 
unity of Relativity. The central conception in Early 
Buddhism is the idea of a plurality of ultimate elements 
•{dliarmas). The central conception of Mahayana is 
their relativity (iunyatd). The Buddhists themselves 
contended that the idea of ultimate elements ( sLandha - 
ayatana-dhatavah), of their interdependence (piatttya - 
samutpada) and of the “Eour Truths of the Saint 
aTe admitted in both Hinayana and Mahayana. But 
m the first they are referred to the reality of separate 
elements and in the second they are interpreted as 
meaning their relativity, or non-reality 1 . 

1 The germ of the idea that the elements of existence, because 
interdependent, are not real can be found m some passages of 
the PSli Canon This Candrakirti himself admits (Hadhy. a vat 
p 22 loffB B IX) But it does not in the least interfere with 
the fact that Hinayana is a system of radical pluralism, all 
dharmas, even Nirvana, are vastu whereas Mahayanism is a 
monistic system (advaya-niiprapanea) It is quite impossible 
to maintain that Hinayana is an advaita -system. But if the 
-Madhyamika system is characterised as negativism, and every- 




( 70 ) 


Since we used the term ‘relative * to descube 
the fact that a tiling can be mdentified only br 
mentioning its 1 elation? to something else and becomes 
meaningless without these relations implying at the 
same time that the thing m question is unreal we 
safely, for want of a better solution can translate the 
word iunya bv relative 01 contingent and the teim 
iiinyata bv relatzvitv or contmgencv 1 This is in 
any case better than to tianslate it by 'void ' which 
signification the term has m common life but not as a 
technical teim m philosophy That the teim iunya 
is m Mahayaua a synonym of dependent existence 
(partitya samutpada) and means not something void 
but something “devoid ' 5 of independent reality (siab- 
hava-iunya), with the implication that nothing short 
of the whole possesses independent reality and with 

tiling negative is thrown into the same bag then it is not difficult 
to discover in Majjh N 1 1, a full blown prajna-parcnmta. and 
to maintain that “es ist ein Irrtum anozunohmen, m alien Bud- 
dhismus sei etwas anderes als Negativissmus gelehrt worden’* 
as prof B Otto Franke has done, cp Ernst Kuhn Memorial 
Volume, p 332ff (Munchen 1916) It is also difficult to say 
what the contention of M de la Y P that “there is a great deal 
of Madhyamika philosophy in the Pali Canon” (ERE VIII 
p 334) exactly means 

1 The notion of Relativity is thus taken in a generalised sense, 
just as Aristotle himself uses it m the MeUipliysica, where he 
treats Ad akqtud, not as one among the distinct categories, 
but as implicated with all the categories (cp G Grote, Aristotle, 
ed Bam p 8S) and although he docs not maintain that the 
relative is unreal, but he declares it to be Ens m the lowest 
degree (ibid p 85) The question whether Ens is itself relative 
be leaves unsolved 



( 71 ) 

the farther implication that the whole forbids every 
formulation by concept or speech (tnpmpvfle*)- 
since they can only bifurcate (r Unpin*) reality and 
never directly seize it—this is attested by an over¬ 
whelming mass of evidence m all the Mahay.. n *5 
literature 1 . That this term never meant a 
mathematical void cr simple non-exi«sence is most 
emphatically insisted upon. Those who suppose that 
dunya means void are declared to have misunderstood 
the term, they have not understood the purpose for 
winch the term has been introduced d 2 . *'We are 
relativist*!, we are not negativists" insists Candrakiiti 3 . 
The text book of the Madhyamika school opens by 
something like a hymn m honour of Dependent 
Origination or Relativity It can be renderd thus : 

The perfect Buddha, the Foremost of all 

Teachers I salute ! 

He has proclaimed the principle of Relativity. 

The principle that nothing (in the Universe) 

can disappear, 

Xor can anything new) appear. 

1 Ibid 491 1 —nir.ivise^a-prapanca-tipjiamarthsm lunyaia 

upadiSyate ; XXIV IS—yah. protitya-samntpadah sanyatam tam 
procaksmahe : p. 50 3.12-yo'am pratirya-samiit padohetnpratyayan 
apefeya rupa-Tijuanadinam pradar- bhavah sa svabhave?a 
anutpadah . ..sa sunyata; p. 504. S-yati prctyayc-sdhineh s& 
sunya ukto • 403 l-aiunyam—apratitya- saumt-pannam: p. 
591 6—iha sarra- bhavanam—pratitya- samutpannatvae chBn- 
yatvam sakalena sastrena pratipaditam etc. etc. 

2 Ibid, XXI V. 7 p. 490 11 na capi iimyatayam yat prayojanam 
tad vijngsi 

s Ibid 3fi8. 7 




< 72 ) 

Nothing has an end, 

Nor is there anything eternal, 

Nothing is identical (with itself), 

Nor is there anything differentiated. 
Nothing moves, neither hither, nor thither. 
It is (Nwvana), the blissful quiescence, 

‘Of every (possible) Plurality 1 

~XV THE BEAL ETEKNAL BUDDHA 
COGNISED IN MYSTIC INTUITION 

Applying this method to the Hinayamst conception 
■of an extinct Buddha, representing nevertheless an 
•eternal lifeless substance ( svabhdva or dhaima ), Nagar- 
juna flatly denies the reality of the latter, 
notwithsatandmg all the reverential feelings which the 
idea must have evoked Buddha is conceived in the 
Hinayana as the ultimate goal of the world’s progress, 
realised m a continuous stream of existences (bhava- 
samtati ) 2 He can really exist so far this progress 
really exists , but an independent existence of both is 
impossible, because, being interdependent, they are 
■coielative and hence not absolutely real Just as a 
man suffering from an eye-disease peiceives a double 
moon 2 in the sky, ]ust so does the inveterate ignorance 
of mankind dychotomise every reality Only 
ignorance 3 can imagine that the Hinayamst Buddha 
has real existence of his own* Never did the Buddhas 

M w P 11 13 

2 Ibid p 432 ff 

3 Ibid p 432 10 

* The Hinayanistic Buddha is not real, he has no svabhdva, cp 
XXVII2,4,16, but the Mahayamstic one has a svabhava The 
synonym of dharma-laya is svabhava-haya- 



( 73 ) 

declare that either they themselves or their elements 
really did exist 1 . But, of course, it is not for the 
unsophisticated simple man that the Hinayanistic 
Buddha is devoid of any existence Not being able 
to withstand the lien's loar of Relativity , 2 the 
Bonayanist, the man of a poorly religious enthusiasm . 3 
runs away, like an antelope mtG the dark forest of 
Realism But the Mahayamst s denial does not 
mean that every hope ol salvation must be given up 4 
because that Buddha who is above every possible 
determination (nispiapanca) is not domed 6 . The 
Mahayamst, when maintaining that the Buddha, as 
conceived m Hinayana is not absolutely real (nths- 
vabhdva), if he wishes to state the whole truth (avipati- 
tdrtha ), 6 must confess that he cannot even assert so 
much Strictly speaking he can assert neither that 
the Buddha is relational, nor non-relational, nor 
both at once, nor neither 7 Such characteristics are 
also conventional (prajnaph) They are imputed 
characteristics {dropit vyavahen ah) 6 . The real Buddha 
must be perceived directly by intuition. The reserved 
questions, the impossibility to answerwhetherthe world 
is finite or infinite and whether the Buddha survives 
after Nirava na are referred just to this impossibility 

1 Ibid p. 443 2 of XXV 24 ~ 

8 Ibid 442 13 

* ‘^vadhimulli-dandra, ibid p 443. 1 
4 Ibid p 442 13 

6 Ibid p 443, 11 

* Ibid p 443 13 

7 ibid p xxn n 
'* Ibid p 444 4 



( 74 ) 

of weatosever determination 1 If vou insist tliat there 
is a Bnddha vou needs must concede that pftei 
Xiiv ana there is none 2 But if yourealisetlie relativitv 
of the conception, never will the question about lus 
existence occur to vou Buddha is merged quiescent 
in nature and beyond evetv possible determination 3 
Those who proceed to dvcbotonnse him as eternal or 
non-eternal, existent 01 non-existent, relative or 
non-relative, omniscient or non-ommscient are ali 
misled by words 4 . Thev have no direct intuition 
(?ia paiyanh) of the Absolute Buddha 5 Just as a 
man who is blind from birth cannot seethe sun 6 , just so 
are men m the throes of conventional conceptions 
thev do not perceive the Buddha directly, but wish 
to detail (prapancayanti) him conceptuallv. Onlv 
by them can He not be seen directlv (apenoLsa-hmt'iA 7 
Buddha must be regaided as the cosmical order 
(dhannatah ) his Bodv is the cosmos ( dhannatn ) The 

essence of the cosmos is mcogmsable. it is impossible 

1 Ibid p XXII 12 

2 Ibid p XXII 14 

3 Ibid p 448 1 

* Ibid p xxn 15 
s Ibid p 448 10 

6 Ibid p 448 10 

7 Ibid p. 448 9 Such a definition of sense prerception. 

prnlyaLsam aparol raw (sc arlhn not jnniw) is opposed by Candra- 
fcirti to the definition of Dignaga pra'yalsam ] alpauSpodham 
op M. vr p 71 10 It has been later accepted by the 

Vcdantins (cp Tedantaptnbhasa) and others; Brahmi the 
Absolute, is then declared to be cognised by sense-perception 
hv praiyal s a 



( 75 ) 

to know what it is conceptually 1 . The reality of 
Buddha is the reality of the universe and as for as 
the Buddha has no separate reality (nthsvablima). 
neither the Universe has any, apart from him. A1 
the elements of existence, when sifted through tlw 
principle of Relativity become icsplendent Alj 
the millions of existences (bhiitakoli) must bo regarded 
as the body of the Buddha manifested m them. Tins 
is Relatmtv, the elunax of wisdom (pra]fia})<iianiitri)' 1 


XYI T HE NEW CONCEPTION OF NIRVANA 

Space and that kind of eternal death which was 
termed Nirvana were entered m the list of ultimate 
realities by the schools-Barly Buddhism and the 
Vaibhasikas on the scoie that they possessed a chara¬ 
cter (dhaima). a reality [pastil), an individuality (svala- 
ksema) an existence (bliava) of their own ( sva-blinva). 
since thev fitted into the current definition of reality 
(sva-bhciva-dhdi awld dliaimaJj.) They were cancelled 

by the Sautrantikas on the consideration that thev 
did not possess any such separate reality. They 
also were cancelled by the Madhyamikas m consequence 
of the new definition of reality (anapetmh savabJwvah). 
This new weapon proved much more efficacious than 
the Occam Razor of the Sautrantika, especially 
as it was wielded by the Madhyanuka with unflinching 

1 Ibid p 448 16 

* Pralrh-j)) abhasbarah sarvudharmfth prajnapurmala-parHuddhyd 
Ibid p 444 9 

8 Jathajata-layo bhuta-loti-prabkamto dratlavyo gad ula prajnd- 
'paramila Astas 94—14. 




( 76 ) 


resolve His conception of Relativity (Sunyata) 
covered everything, all the conditional as well as the 
eternal elements of the Vaibhasika list Indeed the 
idea of an absolute becomes meaningless if there is 
nothing to set against it 1 It then loses every 
individuality or reality ( sva-bltdva) And vice veisa 
the phenomenal ceases to be phenomenal if there is 
nothing non-phenomenal with which it is contrasted 
With the new interpretation of the pirnciple of 
Relativity (pi atilya-samutpndsunya) the Hmayamc 
Absolute becomes just as relative as all otlici ultimates 
-of this system 

Very far reaching consequences had inevitably 
arisen from this newly adopted principle The whole 
edifice of early Buddhism was undermined and sma¬ 
shed The Nirvana of the Hmayamsts, their Buddha, 
tlieir ontology and moral philosophy their concep¬ 
tions of reality and causation were abandoned, toge¬ 
ther with the idea of the ultimate icality of tLe senses 
and sense data (rupa), of the mind (citta-caitta), and 
of all their elements of matter, mind and forces 
“Nowhere and never” says Candralarti, “have Budd¬ 
has preached the reality of the soul oi of these Hina- 
yamstic elements ” z All the constructions so labo¬ 
riously built up by the schools of Early Buddhism 
had to be relinquished with the only exception of the 
principle of dependently-coordmated-existence (prali- 
tya-samutpada) in its new interpretation as Relativity 
(ilunyata ) The textbook of the School devotes a 


* Ibid Vn 33 

* Ibid p 443 2 



( 77 ) 

chapter to every conspicuous item of the constructions 
of Early Budhism, and destroys it by the same weapon, 
for whatsoever is relative is false, transient and 
illusory. 

The fortunes cf Mahayana were greatly assisted by 
the wonderful style m which Kfigarjnna couched his 
celebrated aphorisms Notwithstanding the some¬ 
what monotonous method by which he applies to all 
the conceptions of Hinayana the same destructive 
dialectics, he never ceases to be mterstmg. bold, baffling, 
sometimes seemingly arrogant. And this method of 
endless repetition of the same idea, although in. 
different connections, impresses the student with the 
overwhelming, all-embracing, importance of the prin¬ 
ciple of Relativity In their Tibetan garb, owing to 
the monosyllabic cutting precision of this wonderful 
language, the aphorisms become, if possible, still more 
eloquent than in the original, and are. up to the present 
day, studied in the monastic schools, and repeated by 
the monks with rapturous admiration Sometimes 
like terror is inspired by this insisting and obstinate 
denial of all. even the most revered and cherished 
notions of the Hlnayamst “What are we to do. 
exelaims Aryaveda, the next best Founder of the 
doctrine, “nothing at all exists ’ 1 “Even the name of 
the doctrine inspires terror”*. 

However it is only the Hinayanist and all pluralists 
m general that need to be afraid of Nagarjuna’s dialec- 


1 P L. Yaidya, Caluhialala (Pans, 1923) Ear. 184. 

2 Ibid. Ear. 289 



( 78 ) 


tics 1 He does not assail, but extols the idea of the 
cos lineal body of Buddha He extols the pi maple of 
Relativity and destioys through it every plurality, 
only m order to cleai up the giound and establish on it 
the unique, undcfinablc (ami vacamya) essence of 
being the one-without-a-second Aceoidmg to the 
principle of monistic philosophy, consistently applied, 
all othei entities have only a second hand, contingent 
xcabty they axe borrowed cash 

This unique reality, although declared to be un- 
charactensable (amivacanlya), has been variously 
characterised as the “element of the elements ’ (dhar- 
manam dhai mala) or (dhai ma-dhatu) as their relativity 
(sunyatd), as “thisness” (idamtu), as then “relation to 
thisness ’ ( idampiatyayata ), as “suchness ’ (tathatd), 
as the “suchness of existence” ( bhiita-tathatd) as the 
matnx of the Lord ( tathdgata-gaibha ) and lastly as the 
“cosmical bodj' of the Lord”, as Buddha's Dhai maltaya 2 
In this last attribution, the unique essence of the uni¬ 
verse becomes personified and worshipped under the 
names of Vairocana, Anutabha, the Goddess Tara 
and otheis, as a supreme God Buddhism becomes 

1 Prof H Kern, Manual, p 127 seems also to have been teror- 
stneken He exclaims with what sounds like genuine solicitude, 
“there is no birth, there is no Nirvana I etc ” and makes respon¬ 
sible for this disaster “the principles underlying ancient 
Buddhism ” 

* The terms prqjnd-piiramitS and abmsamaya, when used in on 
objective sense (kanna-sadhana),mean the same The Togacaras 
would add as syonymous ottta- dharinata, vijnapaUmStratS, 
panntspannata cp TnmsiUx, p 42 



( 79 ) 

ah once pantheistic and theif-tJC. oi as prof. 31 Anesaki 
prefers to put it cosmotheistic 1 

Buddha and Nirvana are different names for the 
same thing. But Nagaij'una tioats the same thing 
under four or five different headings his object being to 
show that whatever be the verbal designation (p/u- 
fanca — vdl ) 2 from whatever side the problem of the 
absolute be tackled, the lesult is the same. If the 
phenomenal world is not real, neither can it have a 
real end 4 To suppose that the phenomenal world 
really existed before Nirvana, m order to be changed 
so as not to exist after Nnvana is an illusion which 
must be given up the sooner the better 5 "Whether 
we take the Vaibhusilca view and maintain that Nir¬ 
vana is something real (dhai nut) m which consciousness 
and life are extinct for ever® 01 if we with the Sau- 
trantika, admit that it is the simple cessation of the 

1 In a very interesting book prof M Anesb, Buddhist Art in 
its relation to Buddhist Ideals, (Boston and Heir Tork, 1915) 
shows how the perfection of that Japanese art which has evoked 
the admiration of the world is due to the influence of MnhaySna 
ideals to this genuine feeling of commmuon with the eternal, 
all-pervading principle of life, the Dkarmalaya realised by the 
artist in mystic mtmtion m everyflower, every plant and 
every livmg creature he was painting. Is it not strange that the 
philosophy which establishes these ideals has been so utterly 
misunderstood by European scholarship* 

* M vr 373 9 

3 Ibid p 175 

4 Ibid XXVI 1 

B Ibid p 522 6 

4 Ibid p 225 10 


( 80 ) 


world process , 1 m botli cases something real is assu¬ 
med to exist before Nirvana and to disappear after¬ 
wards This makes Nirvana not only relative but 
a product of causes ( samsfata 2 In full accordance 
with the idea of a momstic universe, it is now asserted 
that there is not a shade of difference between the 
Absolute and the phenomenal, between nirvana and 
samsdta z The universe viewed as a whole is the 
Absolute, viewed as a piocess it is the phenomenal 
Nagarjuna declares , 4 

“ya a] avamj avibhava upadaya pratitya va 
so ‘pralatyanupadaya mrvanam upadiSyate *" 

This may be rendeied thus—"having regard to 
causes or conditions (constituting all phenomena, we 
call this world), a phenomenal world. This same 
world, when causes or conditions are disregarded, (1 e 
the world as a whole, sub specie aelemitatis) is called 
the Absolute ” 

XVII IS RELATIVITY ITSELF RELATIVE * 
CONDEMNATION OF ALL LOGIC FOR 
THE COGNITION OF THE ABSOLUTE 

But the principle of Relativity (sunyata) did not 
piove an entirely safe foundation for the New Budd¬ 
hism A danger lurked m it which was likely to bung 
the whole construction in jeopardy Just as the 
Absolute of early Buddhism could not escape from the 

1 Klesa-janmanor abhSvah, ibid p 527 7 

a Ibid XXV 5, 13 
a Ibid XXV 20- 
* Ibid XXV 9 



( 81 ) 


fete of being declared, relative, just so was Relativity 
itself relative 1 ; it clearly depended upon its opposite, 
the non-relative, and without this contrast it was likely 
to lose every meaning. Nagarjuna did not shrink 
before this danger and faced it with the same audacious 
spirit as he was wont to do. This principle, the pivot 
of the system, is called upon in order to destroy all 
theories and to replace them, as we have seen above, 
by direct mystic intuition, not m order to replace it 
by a new theory. As a theory it is juBt as bad as the 
old ones, it is even much worse. “If something non- 
relative,” says Nagarjuana , 2 * 4 “did really exist, we would 
then likewise admit the existence of the relative, but 
there is absolutely nothing non-relative; how then can 
we admit the existence of the relative (or the truth of 
Relativity).” “Relativity”, explains Candraldrti, “is 
here the common characteristic of all the elements 
{dhmrmas) of existence. That is our view. But since 
there is no element which would be non-relative. 
Relativity itself, for want of those objects with which 
it could be contrasted, (becomes as inane as a mirage), 
as a garland of flowers m the sky.” Does this mean 
that Relativity should be rejected ? No, “because the 
Buddhas have taught that to realise the relativity of all 

1 I find the question whether Relativity is itself relative mentioned 

by B Russell. (A B 0 of RelaUmly, p 14)and declined with 

the remark that it is absurd Nevertheless the question exists 
and oannot be dismissed on such grounds, the more so by an 
author from whom we learn that "whosoever wishes to become 
a philosopher must learn not to be frightened by absurdities. ” 
(Problems of Philosophy, London 1921. p. 31) 

4 Jbid. XIII 7 



( 82 ) 

artificial conceptions is the only way to get rid of them. 
But if people then begin to ding to this very concept of 
Relativity, they must be called iricclaimablc .” 1 “It 
is,” explains Candrakhti 2 “as if somebody said, “I 
have nothing to sell you”, and would receive the ans¬ 
wer, “All light, ]ust sell me tins your absence of goods 
for sale 

We read m the Ratnakuta , 3 “I declnie those ore 
rotten, and many tunes rotten who having conceived 
relativity, cling to it (as a new theory) It is much 
better to cling to the false idea of a really existing per¬ 
sonality (pudqala), notwithstanding it is a blunder of 
Himalayan dimensions, than to cling to this doctrine 
of relativity which (m this case would be) a doctrine of 
the void ( abhdva )... .It is as if a doctor 4 admini¬ 
stered a powerful remedy which would remove all the 
ailments of the patient, but could not afterwards be 
expelled from the abdomen Ho you think that the 
patient would be really cured * No, he would suffer 
even much more than ho did suffer before ” 

The characterisation of reality as Relativity is 
resorted to m extiem%s for want of any othei expedient 
It is a verbal characterisation, it takes into account 
the necessities of speech ( iabdam upadaya pi ajnapfah) 5 . 
The Sautiantika made use of the conception of a nomi¬ 
nal entity (piajnapttsat), as has been mentioned above, 

» Ibid XIII 8 
3 Ibid p 247 6 

3 Ibid p. 248 7 

* Ibid p 248 11 

3 Ibid XXIV 18. XXII 11, p 215. 1,2 86, 1 



1 83 ) 

^hen combating the artificial constructions of early 
Buddhism This conception was extended by the 
Mahayanists so as to cover all elements without excep- 
iaon Sense data, consciousness, feeling, volitions were 
declared by the Sautrantika as ultimate realities But 
Nagarjuua did not spare them. They became all 
-relative and nominal, and relativity itself was but a 
nominal “middle path” of approaching reality. Middle 
path meant m early Buddhism steering between materia¬ 
lism {ucclhe&avada) and the doctrine of an eternal soul 
(iasvatavada) Its positive content was the doctrine 
of separate elements {dhrnma). In Mahayana this 
term changes its meaning and becomes synonymous 
with Relativity (iunyatd) Relativity is the middle 
path 1 . 

XIX. PARALLEL DEVELOPMENTS IN 
BUDDHISM AND BRAHMANISM 

That the evolution from Hmayana to Mahayana 
ran parallel with the movement which m other Indian 
Tehgions at the same epoch led to the establishing of 
their pantheons and their supreme deities of Siva and 
Visnu, is quite obvious The Brahm&mcal religions 
were likewise founded on a background of pantheism, 
on monism with the Saivists, and a somewhat mitigated 
one with the Vaisnavites Both tendencies represented 
old traditions based on explicit, though contradictory, 
utterances of the Upamsads. That the Mahayana 
js indebted to some Aupamsada influence is most 


* Ibid XXIV 18. Therefore MSdhyamika-ta stra must be 
translated "A Treatise on Helativity 



( 84 ) 

probable. That Gauclapada and Sankara have been,, 
m their turn, influenced by the dialectic of Nagarjuna 
can hardly be denied But it is at present impossible- 
to elicit something definite about the strength of these 
influences, their time and their place A Mahayamstic 
tendency seems to have manifested itself very early 
in the Buddhist schools. Part of the community was 
not satisfied to see m Buddha an essentially human 
mature, and felt restive before the idea of his total 
disappearance in Nirvana Some centuries later this 
tendency reaches full conclusion and a great man, 
Nagarjuna, gives lustre and popularity to a new 
ohurch. Its philosophy made volte-faoe from pluralism 
to monism 


XIX. EUROPEAN PARALLELS 

To assign to Nagarjuna his place among the great 
philosophers of humanity is not so much the task of 
the Indiamst, as of the general historian of philosophy. 
But until the texts are made accessible m translations, 
intelligible to him, we cannot expect him to guide us 1 . 
The Indiamst finds himself obliged tentatively to do it 
himself in comparing the ideas he comes across in 
India with what may be found similar m the vast 
field of European philosophy. In characterising the 
Indian philosopher as “mhihst”, rationalist, pantheist 
or realist some comparison is already involved If 

1 The two translations by Prof M. Walleser, Die Mittlere Lehre, 
(Heihelbsrg 1911 and 1912) ore extremely useful for the study 
of the texts, they would have been still more useful if compara¬ 
tive indices were added to them But being literal we doubt 
they could oonvey any defimtie impresson in the mind of a 
philosopher. 




( 85 ) 

A. Barth, E. Senart and others have protested against 
premature and misleading comparisons, it is only be¬ 
cause they were inclined to find between the Indian 
philosopher and his European associate more points of 
divergence than of similarity, but to find divergence 
means already to compare. To characterise Nagar- 
juna as a “nihilist”, means to make a misleading com¬ 
parison, since his condemnation of logic is only one part, 
and not the principal one, of his philosophy. In 
order to understand a philosopher there is no better 
method than the one proposed and so brilliantly ap¬ 
plied by S Bergson, 1 e to dissect him in different 
parts which by themselves will not be the philosopher 
in question, but which summarised will help us to 
understand him 1 . 

Upon the Indian side we must first of all point to 
-the almost absolute identity with Vedanta, as a pro¬ 
bable consequence of his indebtedness to Aupanisada 
tradition. If Prof. A B. Keith and Prof. M. Walleser 
suppose that Naganjuna stops at negation, or denies 
■even the empirical reality of this world, it is only because 
his real aim, the positive counterpart of his negativism, 
the identity of dharmakaya and Brahma, has escaped 
their attention. It follows from this identity that all 
the points of contact which Prof Deussen has really 
found, or imagined to have found, between Schopen¬ 
hauer and Vedanta, will equally apply to Nagarjuna. 
This philosophy was most decidedly opposed to rationa¬ 
lism, to those systems, modem or ancient, Indian or 
European, which asserte d the capacity of human rea- 

1 De 1' intuition pkdosopluqua de Metaph. 1911 



( 8G ) 

son to cognise things as they really are. He even, 
presoss this incapacity to the utmost and challenges 
the claims of logic with greatei emphasis than any 
philosopher ever has done. Other remarkable paral¬ 
lelisms may be pointed out which refer to the step 
taken by Niigarjuna from pluralism to monism 
Whether the systems operated with the conception of 
an independent substance and assumed the existence 
of separate, though harmonising, monads, or assumed 
a peipetual stream of passing events, the next step 
is to imagine one all-embracmg indivisible substance 
This, as we have seen, is the position of Mahayana 
versus Hmayana It has been paralleled in Greece by 
the position of Parmenides verses Heraclitus. The 
step was repeated in modern German philosophy. 
Prof. H. Jacobi has already suggested 1 a comparison 
between Zeno of Eleia and Nagarjuna We may add 
that the similarity was not limited to their dialectics 
Zeno, as is now known, devised the celebrated ‘‘sophi¬ 
sms” in older to prove the impossibility of motion, 
and m support of Parmenides’ conception of the world 
as one motionless whole 3 

Very remarkable are then the coincidences bet¬ 
ween Nagarjuna’s negativism and the condemnation by- 
Mr Bradley of almost every conception of the every 
day world, things and qualities, relations, space and 
time, change, causation, motion, the self From the 
Indian standpoint Bradley can be characterised as a 
genuine Madhvamilca. But abo ve all these paralle- 

i A O J XXI 1, p 1 

s Of, Bertrand RubsbII External World, p. 167 ff 


{ 87 ) 

lism we may perhaps find a still greater family likeness 
between the dialectical method of Hegel and Hagax- 
juna’s dialectics Hegel in his Phenomenologie des 
Geistes 1 challenged common sense to point out some 
object which is certainly known for what, in our ex¬ 
perience, it is, and solves the question by stating that 
all we really know of the object is its “thisness”, all 
its remaining content is relation This is the exact 
meaning of the tathald, or of “suchness”, of the Maha- 
yanist, and Relativity, as we have seen is the exact 
meaning of the term sfmyatd We further see the full 
application of the method which maintains that we can 
truly define an object only by taking explicit account 
of other objects, with whom it is contrasted, that 
debarring this contrast the object becomes ‘"devoid’’ 
of any content, and both the opposites coalesce m some 
higher unity which embraces them both The facts 
are knowable only as interrelated and the universal 
law of Relativity is all that is properly meant by rea¬ 
lity Both philosophers assure us that negativity 
(iOnyafd) is the soul of the universe, “Negativitat ist 
die Seele derWekt.” Reducing the world of fact to 
a realm of universal relativity this implies that every 
thing cognisable is false, transient and illusory, but 
that the constitution of the real world depends upon 
this very fact Even sensations and sense data {riipa ) 2 
which first appeared as ultimate realities we then gra¬ 
dually discover to stand m relations without which 
they prove to be meaningless Relativity, or negativity, 
is really t he Soul of the universe. 

For tie English Phrasing of Hegel’s principles I am indebted 

to Baldwin’s dictionary, 

* Ibid IV 1 3 



( 88 ) 

Some more points of similarity will be easily detec¬ 
ted between Nugurjuna and every monistic philosophy, 
the more so between him and those philosophers who. 
Me Nacolans CJusanus, G. Bruno and others, insist 
upon the negative method of cognising the Absolute. 
It will haidlv bo denied that the Mahaj'fliust concep¬ 
tion of Buddha’s cosmic bod}- as the unique substance 
11 very sinulai to Spinoza’s conception of God as the 
only substance. Dots sivc substantia Dcus stvc nalvra. 
Although Spinoza's uituilus of eveiytlnng particular 
sub specie actcrnitatis is supposed to be a rational 
capacity of the intellect and Niigarjuna’s intuition is 
mystic, nevertheless both lead to the same result. 

These several points of similarity should, as a 
matter of course, be taken for what they are worth 
For one thing, they might preclude the characteristic 
of a ‘nihilist’ to be applied to Nngiirjuna. The chief 
divergence between him and his European colleagues 
in monism is that he did not believe m logic, at least 
for the ultimate aim of cognising what reality m 
itself is Hegel and Bradley seem to believe m the 
efficiency of their logic It did not occur to them 
that their logic would sublatc itself if applied 
to their own results Nngnrjuna was fully awaie of 
this fact Therefore abandoning logic altogether he 
betook himself to direct mystic intuition of the Absolute 
the One-without-a-Second This stop, or jump, from 
a condemned logic to direct intuition, has been made 
by many philosophers and m our own days it has a very 
eloquent exponent in the person of M H Bergson. 



( 89 ) 

XX. THE POSITION OF NYAYA-VAISESIKA 

The estrangement which hefell many scholars at 
the idea of annihilation as the ultimate goal of a reli¬ 
gion would perhaps never have been so strong if it had. 
been known that Buddhism was by no means the only 
Indian system which had arrived at such conclusions. 
Besides a senes of systems of a decidedly materialistic 
tinge, the orthodox Nyaya-Vai£esika system adhered 
to the conception of an absolutely lifeless Nirvana 1 This 
annihilation of all life is here called final deliverance 
'{mohsa) or Absolute End ( apavarga) and is characte¬ 
rised as a kind of “super bliss”. {wi\iireyasa)” i * “Is 
it possible”, asks Vatsyayana, “that an enlightened man 
should favour a final Release in which there is neither 
bliss nor consciousness” ? And he should not favour 
the idea of a final Release where all turmoil of life is 
stopped for ever and where there is no consciousness 
about it,” “This release,” he says, “is tranquillity where 
•everything is given up. everything has ceased to exist, 
and therefore a great deal of depression, horrors, and 
sin are extinct 8 .” Jayanta exclaims likewise, “is it 
possible that reasonable men should make efforts in 
order to reduce themselves to a stone-like (inanimate) 
•condition t” and gives the same reply 4 

All Indian philosophical systems professed to be 
doctrines of salvation. They, therefore, start from the 

1 Of. S. N. Dasgnpta’s History of Indian Philosophy p. 362 ff. 

* Nyayasuira 1, 1 , 2 and 22. 

9 Nydyabhatya p 9 (Viaan) 

4 N yayamanjan p 509 (Vwaan) 


( 90 ) 

conception of a whole (sen worn ) 1 which, is then split 
into two halves, phenomenal life and the Absolute 
(samsara and mivai^a) The phenomenal part is fur¬ 
ther divided into an analysis of its actual condition 
( dufikha ), its driving forces ( duhJeha-samudaya) and 
their gradual extinction {maiga). "When this extinc¬ 
tion ‘ntrodha’ is reached, life merges into the Absolute 
about whose essence a variety of constructions exist 
These four topics, the four "noble truths” as the teiin 
has been very inadequately translated and repiesented 
as a fundamental principle of Buddhism, contam,—m 
reality, no doctrine at all 2 It is only a scheme for 

1 That sarvam, m its technical sense, does not include nirvana, 
as M dc la Vallee Ponssm asserts, op cit p 139, is quite wrong. 
Sarvam means "sarvam jfieyam ” which is but another name 
for the 12 ayatanas (corresponding to the 12 prameyas of Nyaya- 
sutra 1,1,9 Nirvfina is included in Syatana No 12 ‘dhamnia’ cf 
My Central Conception appendix II, 106 p, the elements E 2-3 
This is also clear from Samyutta IY 16 where “sabba” is used 
m its technical sense, sabba-vaygo, sabbam vobhiWiavedessisscimi " 
The passage m Majjlnma 1, 3 contains no statement about this 
topic at all The classification of the elements into 12 ayatanas 
and into 16 dhatus includes nirvana, the one into shandlias (with 
classification) does not, op also TruniiLa p 36, sarvam th trai- 
dhatukam asamskflam ca 

2 This oleaily appears from the faot that the ‘truths” are explicitly 
admitted in the Samkhya, Yoga, Nyaya, and VaiSesika systems 
and implicitly m all the others Within the pale of Buddhism 
they cover two opposite theories, the dharma - pudgala-navatmya 
theory oftheSSnajana,Rndthesunyata—d7iarma-nairatmyatheoTy 
of Mihayana, cf above p 41 They are a classification of 
the elements in four stages as viewed by the Sunt, the firya, 
cf Madh vjtlt, p 127, aryandm eva tat satyam, and Ab Ko£a r 




( 91 ) 


philosophical constructions and is accepted as such by 
all Indian systems without exception. They cover 
indeed, the Indian conception of philosophy Uddyo- 
takarasays, “these are the four topics which are 
investigated by every philosopher m every system 
of metaphysics 1 ” Accordingly every philosophical 
system must contain an analysis of the elements 
of life, a doctrine about its driving forces, a 
doctrine of the Absolute and a doctrine about 
the method to be followed in order to escape 
out of phenomenal life and become merged m the 
Absolute Phenomenal life receives m the Kyaya- 
Vaisesika system the designation of dulikha, just as m 
Buddhism It is very inadequate to translate this 
term by suffering, misery, pam etc , since it covers 
such items as inanimate matter, the five objects of 
sense, colours, sounds, tastes and tactile phenomena 2 

VI, 2 and the tables appended to my Central Conception The 
editors of the P.T S Pah Diet think that drya has a "racial’" 
meaning, arya-pudgala would then mean, not the same as anusr- 
avadharmah or marga-salya, but something like "a noble gentle¬ 
man” ,but T W Rhys Davids rightly translates it “Arhat” in 
D N 1 37, of Dialogue s 1 51 

1 Nydyavdrl, ed B I p 13 etatn calvary arlhapadam saridsu 
adkydtmavidydsa sarvacdryan varnyanla ill. 

2 Vatsydyana says that dnhklia, means janma, (ad N S , 1 1 22) 
and Vaoospati explains, duhlJhaiabdena sarve larnadaya ucyanle, 
and warns against confounding it with suffering, “mukkyam eva 
dukkliam ill bhramo mn bhut, the same is pressed by Jayanta, 
no. ca muJJiyameva duhlvham badhanasrabhavam avam) syate. 
Urn tu tatsadhanam tadanveaklam ca sarvam eva. NySyamangari 
Vizian p 506 and Madhy vptti, p 127 t ha hi pancopaddna- 
sLandha\duJiJJiam ity veyale Exactly the same definition m 




( 92 ) 

These are not the objects to wlucli the terra suffering 
<can be safely applied m our language, if we aie to escape 
confusion. Bliss itself is enteicd into the classification 
of existence (duhhha) as one of its 21 items And 
this is quite natural because thcic is no eternal bliss 
neither in early Buddhism nor in Nyfiya-Vaiscsika, if 
the “super-bliss” of disappeanng into an eternal 
senseless condtion be excepted The classification 
into 21 items is but a slight modification of the 
Buddhist classification into 10 component parts of 
existence (dftfilu ) 1 One lenson why tins term has been 
•chosen as a designation of phenomenal life is that 
philosophy seeks a way out of it Philosophy is the 
science of the Absolute, of Nnvonn For every phi¬ 
losopher, all phenomenal hfe is something that must be 
shunned, it is heya The analysis of existence into its 
elements, as has been stated above, is imdci taken m 
order to determine the means by which all the forces 
of life must gradually, one after the other, be brought 
to a standstill 

It is likewise a general feature of all Indian systems 
that they assume the existence of a central force which 
Samyulta N , III, d7 It is a technical term, the equivalent of 
the first urya-salya and of the ausrava-dharmuh , “suffering” is 
duhlJiavedana, a quite different thing, it has another place in the 
sj'stem under vedanii-skandha of Ab KaSa VI To confound 
them is a mistake just as to oonfound riipa-dyatana with 
rupa-shandha (the latter m eludes 10 ayalanas, or the 3 dhulus, 
or tho 6 tndnyas with tlio 22 tndnyas, or the 75 dharmas, etc 
the 18 dhutus CfM C Rhys David B Psych p 83 
1 Another classification of every cognizable thing into 12 prameyas, 
of NyayasiUra, 119 corresponds, to a certain extent, to tho 
Buddhist classification into 12 ayalanas 




( 93 ) 

keeps life going in this world, nay in all the imagina¬ 
ble worlds. This general force (Jcarma) is resolved into* 
the special ones, termed illusion, desire and aversion. 
They produce germs of future actions and until they 
are neutralized by corresponding methods, they will 
always produce a continuation of life. Illusion is 
neutrahsed by philosophic insight, but the decisive and’ 
final step which stops empirical life for ever and trans¬ 
fers the individual into the Absolute is achieved by 
Yoga, i.e. by that mystical power which is produced by 
absorption in intense concentrated meditation These 
conceptions represent a characteristic Indian habit of 
thought We meet them everywhere. Their origin is 
certainly not to be sought for m the Yoga system of 
PataSvjali which has been proved to-be a verylateproduc- 
faon about 800 years later than the origin of Buddhism. 
Their most primitive and crude form appears in the 
Jama system. The defiling elements of illusion, desire 
aversion etc are here represented as a kind of subtle 
matter which through th e pores of the skin flows into the 
body and fills it up like absorbed medicine or like a bag 
filled with sand 1 By taking vows, by ascetic and 
mediatatave practices, the entrance into the body is 
shut up, the inflow ceases, and the individual becomes 
purified. In all other systems this process is spiri¬ 
tualized, and mstead of an “inflow” of defiling matter 

1 Cf. TaUv&riliSdhtganaslUra, VX, 2. ff, VIII 2 transl by 
H. Jacobi Z.D.M.G- LX Cf. also the detailed and very dear 
■ exposition of tbe complicated Jama theory in H.V.Glassenapp, 
Der Jaimnsmus {Beihn 1925) p. 158 f. The passions are ima¬ 
gined as a kind of tar by which the fluent matter is glued with 
the soul, ibid. VI. 5. 


( 94 ) 

we Lave an “influence” ( asarva) of defiling psychical 
elements which is being stopped by insight and medita¬ 
tion All elements of existence are m the BuddhiBt 
system, as mentioned above, divided in such that can 
be extinguished by philosophic knowledge, and such 
that can-be extinguished by mystical absorption only. 
The first class includes wrong views, under which item 
the naive realism of ordinary men is understood Desire, 
passion and even the physical elements of matter can 
be extinguished for ever only by the force ofabsorption 1 
Although the Nyaya-Vai6esika system favours a nai¬ 
vely realistic view of the universe, it has no other 
means of leaching Nuvana than the mystical power 
of Toga “The details about this mattei,” says Vat- 
syayana, “will be found in special yoga manuals” 8 . 

1 Samudaya-satya ( -Iteya-hclvh ) consists in Nyaya just as in Bud 
dlusm of avidyd-t'srne, cf Nyayavart, p 4 1 13, It is speci¬ 
fied that these eloments are also included in dvhhha (i e m the 
ttpadanasLandhas)—tad dhetus ea dvhUiam vltam, ibid Their 
respective antidotes (1 e marga) consist oil both Bides of prajSS 
and Samadht, Vats , Sutra, V 17-13 PrajfiS is characterised as 
dkarma-pravivela (cf. Vatsyayana ad VI 2 417 which corresponds 
to the Buddhist dharma-prameaya (Abh Kosa) 

- NyayabkSsya ad IV 2 46 Although the prasanlhySna is analo¬ 
gous to prali-sanLhyS^nifodha of the Buddhists, its procedure 
is different. By the un limi ted mystic powei of Toga innumerable 
“magic bodies” mrmana-laya, must be created at once, to atone 
in them for endless former deeds and thus to reach Final Extinc¬ 
tion, Cf TBlparyalila p 6 This Prof A B Keith (Indian Logic 
and Atomism p 260) calls " vulgar thoumaturgy ” According 
to such phrasing Dr H Beck, who interprets even the know¬ 
ledge of duJiKah-tatya as a vision of ethereal bodies (Buddhism™ 
a n p. 89 f), would be oalled a magioian Usually these men 
are oalled mystics 




( 95 ) 

Any question, about the efficiency of this method is 
^answered by stating that the power of Yoga is unlimited. 
‘The Nyayasutras mention a characteristic objection 
from some sceptic mind 1 A man, says he, may be 
intensely absorbed in meditation, so as to forget every¬ 
thing which exists about him. He may retire into a 
lonely place, a forest, a cave, a sandy beach, and there 
practise meditation until every perception of the ex¬ 
ternal world has ceased. Nevertheless when external 
phenomena of exceptional force, as e g. a thunder stoim, 
overcame him, he will awake out of the most intense 
meditation Why could not the same happen to him in 
the moment he is about to attain Final Release, if this 
is to be attained by such meditation ? The objection 
is answered by pointing to the mystical power of trance 
which Btops all energies of life for ever. After that no 
living bcdies, no feeling and no cognitions can exist. 

We thus see that an appeal to the mystical power 
of yoga is a common feature of many Indian philo¬ 
sophical systems It is needed to fill up the place of 
the four mam subjects which are another general 
feature of the Indian systems The originality of 
each system lies in its Ontology, its theory of cog¬ 
nition, its conception of the Absolute, and the details 
of its construction of a path leading to final release. 
The Nyaya-Vaisesika system assumes a limited 
number of substances with their changing qualities. 
The soul of the individual is here represented as an 
eternal substance, it is ubiquitous and coterminous 
with space Knowledge is produced in it by a special 
c ontact with an in ternal organ of physical nature. 
i IV 2 39—5! -—- 



( 96 ) 

When the body is removed from one place to another,, 
feelings and ideas are produded an a new part of this 
same motionless 1 substance by its occasional contact 
with the internal organ which follows the movement 
of the body Soul is thus a semi-matenal ubiquitous 
substance similar to space and time which in this 
system are equally conceived as separate ubiquitous 
substances This construction facilitates the transi¬ 
tion out of phenomenal life with its feelings and cogni¬ 
tions into the Absolute, which is the Absolutely sense¬ 
less and lifeless state of this very substance By 
the power of absorption the internal organ is kept back 
from all contact with the soul and the senses. No 
consciousness is then produced, all life is annihilated 
but the substance of the soul reverts m Nirvana to 
its original and natural condition ( svwrUpavastha ). 
The Nyaya and Vaigesika were at an early date 
engaged m a controversy with the Vedantms about 
the condition of the liberated soul The Vai£esikas 
maintained that it was simply a cessation of all life, 
just as a cessation of fire when all fuel is exhausted 2 

1 Faddegon, Vatiesiha System, p 272-3 thinks the this Soul was 
imagined “as really moving ” This is quite impossible smoe it 
represents a unity and is omnipresent (vtbhu, parama-mahat, 
ibid VII 1 22) Cf also NyayabindtfttkS ed B B p 65 nislryas- 

catma sarvagatah 

2 In his vindication of a substantial Soul Faddegon op. cit, appa¬ 
rently assumes that the VaiseSikas imagined the soul as a cons¬ 
cious substance, ]ust as the SSnkhya and the Vedantms did But 
the conssciousness (buddhi) is m that system only a guna of the 
atman, it appears occasionally through a special oontaot The 
soul m itself (svariip&mstMymn) has neither consciousness, nor 
feeling 


( W ) 

■What is this internal bliss and what is this eternal 
consciousness, they ask, which constitute. the essence 
of the eternal spiritual principle according to the 
Vedantms? Since all objects of knowledge have 
entirely disappeared for ever in Nirvana, it is a joy 
•without something to be enjoyed, and it is knowledge 
■without knowing anyting. Such Feeling and such 
knowledge, even if they existed, would he as good as if 
they never existed at all (sthitopyasOdtan na vi4isyate)K 
"But then,” asks an objector, “your soul would he as 
lifeless as a stoneThe Vaitesika concedes the 
arg ument , although he seems to prefer, as a sort of 
image mediatrice, the comparison with space*. 
A. question is next asked which gives expression to 
that feeling of estrangement which is so strong when 
we think of annihilation as an ultimate goal “No 
wise men will ever stove to attain final deliverance 
(i rnoksar-mrvana ) if, after all consciousness and life 
have been, annihilated, it becomes similar to a piece 
of rock (&ila-4ahila-kalpa) i if it is indistinguishable 
from a stone (pasana-nirmiesali), if it is inanimate 


Nyayalandali, p. 286 (Vizian, of Nyayamanjafi, 510 1. 12—3. 

* Ibid That the pure essence of a Soul, or of the substance that 
produces consciousness is itself as lifeless ijada) as a stome seems 
to be here an extreme consequence drawn by the objector, the 
comparison with space as an ubiqsitons substance, is more 
adequate. 

* Of. Vaii, eiitra, YIL 1. 22. Bhasarvajnas NySyasara, p. 39, (B. 
Ind. 1910), 

‘Of. Nyayamafyan, p 508 f and NySyatalparyadljnlca, p. 282 
(ibid.) cp. Naisadhlya, XVI, 76 mvliaya yah itlSlvaya Mslrtt 
muce .... Gotamam,. 




H ‘98 1) 

(jadd)," “But says the author, -wise men do not 
exert themselves for bhss alone Experience • shows 
that they also exert, themselves to escape pam, as 
•when they, e g “avoid being stung by thorns 1,1 
Phenomenal hfe bemg here compaiable to pam. the 
result is that the annihilation of it alone is the ulti¬ 
mate aim of man on earth This ultimate annihi¬ 
lation mnd this hfeless substance receive the epithet 
of the place of Immortality (amityit padam) a the 
same epithet which final annihilation receives in early 
Buddhism Its eternal unchanging character is 
thereby emphasized. 

Nor was this analogy between the theones of the 
Buddhists and the Naiyayikas ignored by the latter 
We find in the yydyamanjan of Jayanta the following 
very characteristic deb verance “By nirvana and similar 
expressions the Buddhists mean the absolute end 
(apavaiga) which is either (in Hinayana) the annihi¬ 
lation of the flow of consciousness, or (m Mahayana) 
a flow of pure (objectless) consciousness (The first) 
solution—annihilation—is even more pitiful than the 
condition to which soul is reduced m nirvana accord¬ 
ing to the Naiyayikas. since it does not leave to the soul 
even a stonehke condition But m one point we 
agree with the Buddhists, viz that there is a difference 
between the essence of the soul by itself and the form 
m which it appears m its reciprocal, action with other 
objects A constant change of (this substantial) 

1 NyayasSra p '40 “ ' ' 

* Nyayabhasya pi 30 of likewise p 31-34 where the 'controversy 
with Vedanta is already in full swing 


(( f ss ) 

•soul(as maintained by-the Bfld« is'absolutely 
inconceivable"; it must be rejected as'impossible , 
-just as (the converse theory of the Buddhist about 
-the sound, viz. that) sound is a substance (sc. atomic)” 

The Nirvana o£ the old 1 Nyaya-V&i£csikd school 
is thus lifeless’and Similar ,to the Nirvana of the 
Vaibhasika-Buddhists. On the other hand, the 
Nirvana, of the Mahayamsts. to which the Sautra- 
ntikas adhered, has the same pantheistic chaiacter as 
the Nirvana of the Yedantms. 

XX CONCLUSION • . 

The pTohahle theory of the Buddhist conception 
of the Absolute is, therefore, the following -one. 

1 In the "VI century B.C. there was a great 
effervescence of philosophical thought among the non- 
hrahmancial classes of India, and & way out of pheno¬ 
menal life was ardently sought for, "the majority of 

i In later thereto Nyaya final deliverance re readied by the direct 
joontempl&ton of God, and the, .condition of the'liberated Soul 
re defined as blissful, of Nyayas&ra, p. 40 and Nyayatfit-parya- 
dipila, p 293 Both the Vaifesika and the Naiyayika systems 
. were originally atheistic, cf H Jacobi, Hie Ootiesidee bei den 
- Indent (Bonn 1923) p.,47 ff. and Faddegon, op, feit.p 165 and 
354 That the idea of an eternal God could not easily tally with 
the system, is seen from the embarrassment to decide whether it 
should be classed as a mu ktfilman or not. The question is solved, 
in agreement with Yogasulra I 24 b admitting that the quality 
of consciousness, which is -only accidental m Souls, becomes 
, -eternal m .God, of NySyakaniali, 58 (Vizian) and Nyayaoarttla 
p 469 Both thereto and atheistic NaiySyikas ‘‘existed at 
SrihaTsa’a time, cf- f NaitadMya XVII 75 arid 77: - 



( 100 ) 

the solutions having a materialistic tinge Buddha at 
that time proposed, or accepted, a system denying 
the existence of an eternal soul, and reducing pheno¬ 
menal existence to a congeries of separate elements 
evolving gradually towards final extinction 

2 To this ideal of a hfeless Nirvana and an 
extinct Buddha some schools remained alone faithful 
A tendency to convert Buddha into a superhuman, 
eternally living principle manifested itself early 
among his followers and led to a schism 

3 This tendency gradually developed until m 
the I century A D it ended mto the production of a 
luxuriant growth of a new canonical literature It 
then adopted, probably borrowing from some Aup- 
nishad school, the Brahmanical ideas of a pantheistic 
Absolute, of a spiritual and monsitic character. 
After this Buddhistic adaptation of the Vedanta, 
Buddha was converted mto a full blown Brahman 
and its personification worshipped under the names 
of a Cosmical Body ( Aharmakaya ), Samantabhadra, 
Vairocana and otherB 

4 The philosophical doctrine of the old church 
stuck to the central conception of separate elements 
of matter, mind and forces, composed hsts of them 
with a view to investigate the method of then gradual 
extinction m the Absolute 

5 Among the early sohools the Mahasamghikas, 
Vatsiputriyas and others already assumed a land of 
consciousness surviving in Nirvana 



( ioi r 

8. They -were followed by a school with critical' - 
-tendencies, the Sautrantikas, which out down tiie list 
of artificially constructed elements, cut down !Nirva?a 
itself as a separate entity and transferred the Absolute 
int o the frying world, thus constituting a transition to 
Mahayana. 

7. The philosophy of the new religion is an 
adaptation of the Vedanta system. It forsook the 
pluralistic principle altogether and became empha¬ 
tically monistic. 

8. It then took a double course. It either 
assumed the existence of a store-consciousness of which 
all phenomenal life was but a manifestation. This 
schoolis the sequel of cnltivatedlogio. The other school 
denied the possibility of cognising the Absolute by 
logical methods; it declared all plurality to be an 
illusion, and nothing short of the whole to be the 
reality directly cognised in mystic intuition. 

9. The transitional school of the Santrantikas 
coalesced in the V century A.D. with the idealistic 
school of the Mahayana and produced India’s greatest 
philosophers Dignaga and Dhann&kirti. "With regard 
to Nirvana, it assumed the existence of a pure spiritual 
principle, in which object and subject coalesced, and, 
along with it, a force of transcendental illusion {vasana) 
producing the phenomenal world. 

10. Contemporaneously with this highest develop¬ 
ment of Buddhist philosophy, in the VII century 
•A.D.. the relativist selinnl ftf parlv MflliSvantt ronoiirfl/l 



((102 )• 

a fifcsli impulse ‘and. n revival of popidaritj\ Tins 
led to the format ion of new lvybiid schools 

11. 'rtic very high pcifcction to which the philo¬ 
sophy was biought by both the idealistic and iclati- 
visfcic schools of Buddhism could not blit influence all. 
philosophical svsfems of India, and wc sec m the next 
period the old Vedanta icmodollcd and equipped 
with fiesh aiguments bv an adaptation to it of tlio 
methods elnbointoil in the Vijniinavadn and Siinyn- 
vuda schools of Buddhibin. 



APPENDIX 


A TREATISE ON RELATIVITY 

By 

NAGA’RJTJNA 
Chapters I and XXV 
(: Translated ) 

A TREATISE ON RELATIVITY 

By 

NAGARJTJNA 

PREFATORY 

Nagaquna is the author of three different works 
upon the Buddhist Theory of Relativity ((sunyata). 
a fundamental (mula), complete work, Madhya mika- 
Sisfcra, and two short summaries-Ynkti-sastika and 
Sunyata-saptati. 

The complete work contains about 400 aphorisms 
divided into 27 chapters. The first chapter is devoted 
to a critique of the conception of Causality It 
reduces our every-day conception of it and all realistic 
theories ad absurdum and thus indirectly establishes 
Monism (advaita) The rest of the woik is filled with 
the application of this result-to every separate item 



( 104 ) 

of the Hinayanist philosophical system 1 . Nagarjnna 
is also the author of two short tracts dealing with 
the method of negative dialectics adopted by him 
One of them “The Refutation of contests” “vigraha- 
vyavartani” is very often quoted 

"Whether he is the author of numerous other works 
which go under his name, and whether he is the same 
personality as the Celebrated metallurgist, chemist 
and alchemist Nagar]una is very doubtful 2 His 

I The following is the list of subjects treated, ch Ion Causality, 
II on Motion, III on the sense-faculties, (indnya), IV on the 
elements of existence (skandha) V, on the component elements 
(dhatu) of an individual, VI on Passions (raga), VII On monen- 
tanness (samskrta=tnlaksami) VIII on Agent and Action 
(Karma-karaka), IX On the unreality of the preceding moment 
(purva), X On the relation of fire and fuel, XI on the Infinite 
(purvaparakoti), XII On the unreality of all the phenomenal 
world (duhkha=pancopadanasknndha,) XIII On the unreality 
of all the forces (asmskora) of life, XIV On the unreality of 
relations (samsarga), XV On the notion of Essentia (svabhava), 
XVI On Bondage and Delivorance, XVII On Karma and its 
results, XVin On the doctrine of a Sonl (atman), XIX On the 
notions of origin and end (sambhara-vibhava), XX On time, 
XX On the notion of a totality of causes (samagri, XXH On 
the reality of Buddha, XXIII On logioal incongruity (vipomyasa), 
XXIV on the “Four Truths”, XXV On Nirvana, XXVI On 
the Twelve Stages (nidfina) m the development of an individual 
life, XXVII on false dogma (drsti) 

II There is an old tradition according to which the authentical 
works of Nagarjnna are six, but there is no agreement about 
how this number is composed. Geneially admitted are (1) 
Mula-madhyamika-Sastra, also called Prajiia-mula, 8 celebrated 
men have commented upon it, Nagarjnna himself, Buddha- 
pahta, Bhavya, Candrakirti, Dova6arma, Gunain, Gunamati 



( W3 ) 

pupil and successor Acyadeva, a Ceylonese by birth, 
has composed an independent treatise about the 
same subject, also in 400 aphorisms, but following 
another, more systematic, arrangement. 

About the date of both these authors there is till 
now no absolute certainty, but the II century AJD. 
is generally accepted as most probable. Although 
both were born m the South, the scene of their activity 
is Northern India, during the best time of Kushan 
empire. 


and Stjuramati, (2) Yukti-sastika, a very condensed statement 
of the theory, its composition, Wassiheff thinks, possibly preceded 
the compostion of the main work, (3) 6‘unyata-saptati a short 
poem on Relativity with the author’s own comment, (4) Yigra- 
ha-vyavartani, also with comment, a work on logic already 
mentioning the four pramanas of the Ninyayaikas, (a) Yaidalya- 
sutra and prnkamna, self defence of Iv agarjuna against the charge 
of perverting logic The sixth is according to Bu-ston a work 
which is not translated Tha-snad-grub-na, "A vindication of 
empirical Reality.” However others reckon, instead of it, 
Akutobhaya, a comment upon the mula-k&nkSs. But Wassi- 
fheff remarks (m his “Review of the Madhyamika literature” 
Mss musei As Petrop) that "the authenticity of this work 
was doubted even by the credulous Tibetans” Candiakirti evi¬ 
dently held that Nagarjuna did not wnte any comment npon 
the mula-korikas, cf. text, p 25-6, but Avalokitavrata, com¬ 
menting upon Prajna-pradipa calls it ran-hgrel Besides these 
works the Bstan-hgyur contains (1) Mabayana-vimtika, in 20 
verses, (2) Aksara-Sataka in 3 lines and (3) Pratitya-sanmtpada- 
htdaya, in 5 lines, renewed attempts to express with utmost 
shortness the main conception of a monistic (aikyam) motion- 
, * M Universe They probably axe spurious 



( ' 106 •- ) i 


After that,- there was a break in the development 
of the Hadhyamika philosophy During two cen¬ 
times we hear of no prominent personalities, and no 
works dealing with it It seems as though it were 
partly fallen into oblivion It is impossible otherwise 
to explain the total silence of Buddliaghosa about it 

During the next period, the golden age of Indian 
civilization, the age- of the Gupta empire m Northern 
India, the brothers Amnga and Vasubandhu appear 
In the V century as the champions of a somewhat 
modified Monism which receives m their hands an 
idealistic interpretation 

The scene of the development of the Madhyanuka 
philosophy after that shifts to the South We witness 
there in the VI century A D a powerful revival of 
the genuine, uncompromising Relativism of Nagaijuna 
Contemporaneously with the pupils of Vasubandhu, 
Sthiramati and Dignaga, two very celebrated men, 
who were working, the one of Vallabhi m Surat, the 
other mamly m Orissa, two equally celebrated cham¬ 
pions of the Madhyamika system, the Masteis (acaiya) 
Buddhapalita and Bhavya 01 Bhavaviveka, 1 appeal 
m the South The Mahayana Monism becomes now 
definitely split into the idealistic school m the Noith. 
the Yogacaras, and the lelativistic one in the South. 
The latter is again divided into the followers of Buddha¬ 
pahta and the followers of Bhavya, 

The condemnation of all logic foi the cognition 
of the Absolute was final in the first oi these schools, 

1 Perhaps Bhavya viveka=legs-]daii-hbyed 



M07 )' 


it admitted no bonafide argument at all,’ but under¬ 
took it only to show hopeless inconsistency in what¬ 
ever logical argument would be produced by its 
opponents Tlus school received the name of M3- 
dhyamika-Prasangika. The other school the follo¬ 
wers of Bhavya thought it necessary to supplement 
the-short rules of Jfagarjuna by independent (svatantra) 
arguments constructed m accordance with the rules of 
logic This school leceivcd the name of Madhya- 
mika-Svatantrikn. Bhavyy is a very subtle logician 
He perhaps, more than any other one deserves to be 
compared with Zeno of Elem Some of his baffling 
sophisms made his name celebrated in the Buddhist 
world. His school had success and was more numerous 
than the school of Buddhapahta m the beginning 
But in the VII contury A.D the Master Candia- 
Idrti appears as a mighty champion of the purely 
negative method of establishing Monism He suer eeds 
m driving Bhavaviveka’s school into the shade and 
fi^Hy settles that form of the Madliyamika System 
which is now studied m all monastic schools of Tibet 
Mongolian where it is considered to represent the true 
philosophical basis of Mahayana Buddhism 

We can thus establish the following periods in 
fhe development of the philosophy of the Mahayana 

(1) I century A D the rise of Mahayana, alaya- 
vijfiana and tathata both admitted by Asvaghosa. 

(2) II century, the theory of Universal Kelativity 
(SunyatS) formulated by Nagarjuna and Aryadeva 

(3) III and IV centimes a gap. 



( 108 ) 


(4) V century, tlic idealistic interpretation of 
Asanga and Yasubandhu. 

(5) VI century, a split between tlic idealistic 
-and relativistic schools, Sthiramati and Dignaga as 
representing the first, BuddliapShtn and Bhavaviveka 
the second 

(G) VII century, final establishment of the Ma- 
dhyamika system m its extreme form by Candra- 
Jdrti. 

We now give the translation of the first chapter 
of the treatise of Nngarjuna with Candrakirti’s com¬ 
ment 1 All tho protagonists of the development 
just sketched together with t-Gmc representatives of 
the brahmamcal systems will be here seen at work. 
From tho rest of the woik the chapter about Nirvana 
has been chosen as an illustration of the method which 
is m turn applied to evciy philosophic conception. 

In our translation we have endeavoured to avoid, 
as far as possible literal renderings when they convey 
no clear meaning, in order to escape what M. A Barth 
has called “traductions mfidelos a force d’etre ht- 
terales ” Sanskrit scmctifical works are not supposed 
to be read, but to be studied, their style is laconic 
and their technical terms suggestive of a wide con¬ 
notation Their translation, m order to be comprc- 

1 Candrakirfcx lias given to his comment the title of “ The dear- 
worded" (prasanna-pada) probably not without some dose of 
irony, since, as prof Wassihcff attests, its extreme dialectical 
subtlety, especially in the first chapter, is equalled by no other 
work m the whole domain of northern Buddhist literature. 



{ 109 ) 

henstble should be, to a certain extent, an explanation. 
The literal rendering, when, needed is given in a foot¬ 
note The Sanskrit text has been edited by M.dc la 
Vallee Poussin m the Bibliotheca Buddhica. The 
division into small sections has been introduced by 
the translator m order to facilitate a vue d’enesemble. 



A'TREATISE' ON RELATIVITY 

DEDICATION 

The Pcifcct Buddlia, 

> > 

The foremost of all Teachers I salute. 
He has proclaimed 
The principle of Universal Relativity, 
‘Tis like blissful (Nirvana), 

Qiuescence of Plurality ~ 

There is nothing disappears, 

Nor anything appears, 

Nothing has an end, 

Nor is there anything eternal, 

Nothing is identical with itself, 

Nor is their anything differentiated. 
Nothing moves, 

Neither hither nor tlnthoi 



Chapter First. 

EXAMINATION OF CAUSALITY. 

I. 

There absolutely are no things, 

Nowhere and none, that arise (anew), ' I 
Neither out of themselves, nor out'of non-self, 
Nor out of both, nor at random. 

II 

Four can be the conditions 
(Of everything produced). 

Its cause, its object, its foregoing moment, 
ItSjinosfc decisive factor 

, III 

In these conditions we can find 
No self-existence of the entities. 

Where the self-existence is deficient, 

Relational existence also lacks. 

IY 

No energies m causes, 

Nor energies outside them 
No causes without energies, 

Nor causes that possess them. 

V: 

Let those facts be causes 

With which coordinated other facts arise, 

Non-ckuses will they be, 

So far the other facts have not arisen. 



( 112 ) 

VI. 

Neither non-Ena nor Ena 
Can have a cause. 

If non-Ena, whose the cause ? 

If Ena, whatfore the cause ? 

vn 

Neither an Ena nor a non-Ena, 

Nor any Ens-non Ena 
No element is really turned out. 

How can we then assume 

The possibility of a producing cause 1 

Yin. 

A mental Ena is reckoned as an element. 
Separately from its objective (counterpart) 

Now, if it (begins) by having no objective- 

counterpait. 

How can it get one afterwards ? 

IX. 

If (separate) elements do not exist, 

Nor is it possible for them to disappear 
The moment which immediately precedes 
Is thus impossible And if 1 tis gone, 

How can it be a cause * 

X 

If entities are relative. 

They have no real existence 

The (formula) "this being, that appears” 

Then loses every meaning 



< 113 ) 

XX. 

Neither m any of the single causes 
Nor in all of them together 
Does the (supposed) result reside. 

How can you out of them extract 
What in them never did exist 2 

XII. 

Supposing from these causes does appear 
What never did exist in them, 

Out of non-causes then 
Why does not appear 2 

XIII. 

The result is cause-possessor, 

But causes are not even self-possessors 
How can result be cause-possessor, 

If of non-self-possessors it be a result 2 

XIV. 

There is, therefore, no cause-possessor, 
Nor is there an effect without a cause. 

If altogether no effect arises, 

(How can we then distinguish) 

Between the causes and non-causes 2 


^nuahedtho Examination of Causality, the first chapter 
°f the Treatise on Relativity. 



Chapter XXV 


EXAMINATION OF NIRVANA. 

I 


If everything is relative, 

No (real) origination, no (real) annihilation. 
How is Nirvaha, then conceived ? 

Through what deliverance, through what annihi 

lation ' 


n. 


Should evory thing be real m substance. 

No (new) creation, no (new) destruction. 

How should Nirvana then be reached * 
Through what deliverance, through what annihi¬ 
lation ? 


Ill 


What neither is released, nor is it ever reached, 
What neither is annihilation, nor is it eternahty, 
What never disappears, nor has it been created, 
This is Nirvana It esoapes precision. 


IV. 

Nirvana, first of all, is not a land of Ens, 
It would then have decay and death 
There altogether is no Ens. 

Which is not subject to decay and death. 


V. 

If Nirvana is Ens, 

It is produced by causes. 



( 116 ) 


Nowhere and none the entity exists 
Which would -not he produced by causes. 

VI. 

If Nirvana is Ens, 

How can it lack substratum, 

There whatsoever is no Ens 
Without any substratum. 

VII. 

If Nirvana is not an Ens, 

Will it be then a non-Ens 1 
Wherever there is found no Ens, 

There is neither a (corresponding) non-Ens. • 

vm. 

Now, if Nirvana is a non-Ens, 

How can it then be independent 1 
For sure, an independent non-Ens 
Is nowhere to be found 

IX. 

Coordinated here or caused are (separate) things. 
We call this world Phenomenal; 

But just the same is called Nirvana, 

When from causality abstracted. - 

X. ' '_i 
The Buddha has declared 

That Ens and non-Ens should both be rejected. 
Neither as Ens nor as a non-Ens 
Nirvana, therefore is conceived. 



( 116 ) 

XI. 

If Nirvana were both. Ens and non Ena, 
Final Debvorance would be also both, 
Reality and unreality together, 

This never could bo possible. 

XII. 

If Nirvana were both Ens and non-Ens, 
Nirvana could not be uncaused. 

Indeed the Ens and the non-Ens 
Are both dependent on causation.. 

XIII 

How can Nirvana represent 
An Ens and a non-Ens together ? 

Nirvana is indeed uncaused, 

Both Ens and non-Ens are productions. 

XIV. 

How can Nirvana represent 

(The place of Ens and non-Ens together— 

As light and darkness m one spot) 

They cannot be simultaneously present. 

XV 

If it were clear, indeed, 

'What an Ens means, and what a non-Ens. 

We could then understand the doctrine. 
About Nirvana being neither Ens nor non-Ens. 

XVI 

If Nirvana is neither Ens nor non-Ens, 

No one can really understand 



( 117 ) 


This doctrine which proclaims at once 
legation of them both together. 

XVII. 

What is the Buddha after Nirvana? 
Does he exist or does he not exist, 

Or both, or neither ? 

We never will conceive it. 

xvm. 

What is the Buddha then at life time ? 
Does he exist, or does he not exist, 

Or both, or neither * 

We never will conceive it. 

XIX. 

There is no difference at all 
Between Nirvana and Samsara, 

There is no difference at all 
Between Samsara and Nirvana. 

XX. 

What makes the limit of Nirvana 
Is also then the limit of Samsara. 

Between the two we cannot find 
The slightest shade of difference. 

XXI. 

(Insoluble are antinomic) views 
Regarding what exists beyond Nirvana, 
Regarding what the end of this world is, 
Regarding its beginning. 



( 118 ) 

XXII. 

Since everything is relative (we do not know), 
'Wliat is finite and what is infinite, 

What means finite and infinite at once. 

What means negation of both issues 2 

XXIII 

What is identity, and what is difference 2 
What is eternity what non-eternity. 

What means eternity and non-ctcrmty together, 
What means negation of both issues 2 

xxrv 

The bliss consists m the cessation of all thought. 
In the quiescence of Plurality. 

No (separate) Reality was preached at all, 
Nowhere and none by Buddha 


Finished the Examination of Nirvana, the twenty-fifth 
Chapter of the Treatise on Relativity 



THE GLEARWORDED 
A Comment Upon 

NAGARJUNA’S TREATISE ON RELATIVITY 

CANDRAKlRTI 
THE GLEARWORDED 
DEDICATION 

To that NagSrjuna I bow who has done away all 
recourse to the abode of Duality. 1 2.3. 

Who has emerged out of the ocean-like (all- 
embracing) Spirit of the Supreme Buddha. 8 1.3. 

1 The method of adopting a middle course (madhyama pratipad) 
between the two opposite extremes from which the Madhyamika 
school has received its name ib differently applied in Hlnayana 
eg, SN. Ill 135. It is there a term designating the central 
conception of Hlnayana, a middle course between “everything 
exists and nothing exists,” meaning that a limit ed catalogue 
of ultimate elements (dharma) exists in interdependence (pratitya 
samutpada). In mahayana, it is synonymous w;th the central 
conception of the MadhyamikaB and means therr idea of Relati¬ 
vity of Negativity (madhyama pratipad-sunyata-pratltya-samut- 
pida) cp. XXTV 19. The £f terms are deolared by CandraHrti 
p. 604 13 to be vi4esa-sam]nas i e., different manners of expressing 
the same tdea, anta-dvaya-rahitatva-sarvasvabh&vanutpatti- 
pratitya-samutpada-fQnyata-upadaya-pra]fiapti-madhyama pra¬ 
tipad As usual the first word of the work ib significant, it refers 
to its mam idea The translation of mSdhyamika-£astra as The 
Doctrine of the Middle Path (Die Mittlere Lohre) is ambiguous 
since there are different middle paths. 

* Sambuddha-dhi-sagara refers evidently to the doctrine of dhaima- 
kaya. 



( 120 ) 


Who mercifully has explained the deeper meaning 
of the treasury 1 of the religion, according to his own 
conceptions of it. 1.4. 

Whose philosophic fire consumes even now the fuel 
of opposed systems and bums down the darTmena in 
the heart of simple mankind. 1 5 . 

Whose words, containing imcomparable knowledge, 
(like) a host of arrows, completely destroy the army 
of our foes (and deliver us from the bonds of pheno¬ 
menal) existence. 2.1. 

Whose words assume the majesty of rule over the 
denizens of all the three spheres of existence 2 , the 
Buddhist converts and the gods. 2.2. 

Having made my salutation to that Nagaijuna, 
I am proposing to write an explanation of his aphorism 
in clear sentences containing the right explanation 
unobscured by the fires of dialectics. 8 


1 Bead kofosya with the Tib 

* i e —the world of carnal desire (knma-dkStu), the heavens of 
ethereal beings (rupa-dhatu) and the heavenfi of pure sprats 
(arupa-dhatn}. 

* This iff a jeer at Bhavaviveka who below p. 31. is called a 
champion of logic (tarlaka) It does not mean that dialectical 
subtleties will be avoided, but that all arguments will be indirect. 
The word tarkaxmla evidently alludes to Tarkajvala the title 
of Bhavavrveka’s work 


■ v 


Chapter First 

EXAMINATION OF CAUSALITY 

I. PRELIMINARY 

The treatise which will he here expounded is that 
which begins with the statement “there is neither 
a causa materialis, nor a causa efficiens, nor are the 
things of the Universe a product of the combination 
of both these causes ” 1 The question now arises 
how does this doctrine affect (us), what is its subject 
matter and what its aim. The connection of the 
treatise with us 2 is the following one. (In a previous 
work), “Introduction to the Madhyamika System”,* 
we have elicited that in order to attain the supreme 
knowledge of a Buddha, the first step to be taken is an 
initial vow of devoting oneself to the Final Deliverance 
of all living creatures, (this vow harmonising with a 
monistic view of the Universe, and inspired by a 

1 hit., P- 2 5. “not from self, not from other, not from both”, 
op. infra, p 93 

* ‘Sambandha’ discussed at the beginning of every scientific work 
means usually its relation to the subject matter, Nyaya-bmdu, 
P 2 IB (B B ) Here it refers to the importance of the work for 
the Salvation of mankind 

* Madhyamifea-avatara The Tib transl ed by do la Vallee 
Poussin in B.B IX and partly translated in the Mus on 1907 
1910 and 1911 



( 122 ) 


feeling of Great Commiseration J 1 Our revered Master 
Nagarjuna was himself wholly equipped with the 
(true) unflinching method of (our monistic system 
revealed in the predication about) the “Climax of 
Wisdom” 8 , and he graciously has condescended to lay 
it down m a treatise for the enlightenment of others. 

(Indeed a philosophic treatise should contain a 
doctrine of Salvation, it then “rules and it saves”) 
■“It rules over all our enemies, our passions It saves 
us from the misery and from phenomenal existence 
(altogether). Those two advantages are not to be 
found in other philosophic doctrines”. 

(Therefore the teaching of Nagarjuna should appeal 
to every one) 

(What is the subject matter) 

The master himself (discloses it in his initial 
prayer). He hints at the idea which will be developed 
•during the whole treatise and at its aim. He tues 
to impress upon us that it will be a grand and funda- 
mental treatise, 3 because it will pres ent this idea in a 
1 The Habayamstic Great Commiseration (mahfikaruna) differs 
from the Hinayaniatic one, it agrees with monism This means 
that tho Mahayamst strives for the weal of all living beings, 
op Snauki, Mahttyana p 292 ff Madhy. av p 6 9 ff The 
Tibetans make a distinction between tlio Hahay&mstic conception 
thugs-rje-chon-po and the Hlnayamstio one, anin-rje-chen-po 
in Sanskrit tho same word in used 
* prajno-pHramito, one of its synonyms is lunyata. 

3 mahatmyam bc tastrasya The ideal scientific work for India 
is the Grammar of Pagmi with the Mahabhasya of Fatafijah 
A mahaisstra is a £astra, possessing mahatmya i.e treating the 
subject with tho thoroughness exhibited by both these authors 
in their great work 



( 128 i 


thorough 1 and unflinching manner. Since thiscentra 
idea of the whole treatise cannot be separated^ from 
the Mahayanist’s conception of a Buddha, 2 Naga^una 
in his initial salutation to him, the Supreme 

Teacher, alludes to the cause that induced him to 
compose this treatise and says :— 

(Buddha has proclaimed) the monistic 
Principle of Relativity 3 , the principle that 
nothing in the. Universe can disappear, nor 
can anything new arise, nothing has an end, 
nor is there anything differentiated in itself, 
there is no motion, neither towards us, nor 
from us, etc. etc. everything is relative. 

The subject matter the central idea of the 
treatise is the monistic principle of Relativity 
characterised by these eight negative charac¬ 
teristics, nothing disappears, etc. The aim of 
the treatise is indicated in the same salutation. 
It is Final Deliverance, Nirvana, which is 
characterised as the bliss of Quiescence of 
every Plurality 4 . 

The salutation itself is expressed by the 
words *‘I praise this highest of all Teachers”. 

1 aam-praka^ana-samya k prakasana. 

* Buddha’s Gosmical Body dharma-kaya, is the unique trans¬ 
cendental essence of the Universe audit is synonymous with 
tunyata, op de la V. P. the three Bodies, J.B, A S. p. 952. 

* praffitya-samutpada-£unyatii-antadvaya-iahitatva. 

4 On Mahayanistic Nirvana see above and Suzuki, op. cit p 339. 
fi.mS Sshayer, Die Mahayauistichen Erlohsungslehren (Munchen 
1921) 




( 124 ) 

ThiB is first of all, the general n-mumng of the 
first two stanzas. We are now going on to give in 
detail the meaning of every word 

“To disappear” means to he evanescent. Tim 
spht (of all existence into discrete) point-ins tant s is 
here meant. 

(Nothing new can anse), to “arise” means cutting 
off the stream of (consecutive point-instants) 1 

“Eternal” means perpetual, existing, through all 
times 

(Non-identical) Being mdentical means not being 
separate, not being discrete. 

(Non-differentiated) Differentiated means being 
different, le. discrete 

“Morion hither”, means the morion of distant 
objects into a near remote place 

II. THE MEANING- OE PRATlTYA SAMUTPADA 
ACCORDING TO THE AUTHOR 

The first part of the term consists of the gerund of 
the root V and the preposition ‘prati’ The root 'i* 
means morion, the preposition ‘prati’ means ‘reaching’. 
But the preposition (when added to a verbal root) 
modifies its meaning It has been said that 
“the meaning of the verbal root is changed by the 
preposition as if it were violently dragged into another 
place just as the sweet waters of the Ganges (change 
their savour when reaching) the waters of the ocean”. 
Therefore the word pratitya, being a gerund, means 


1 prabandha-ksana-santana 



( 125 ; 

"reaching” in the sense of being dependent (or relative). 
The word samutpada means appearance, manifestation. 
It comes from the verbal root ‘pad’ which with the 
preposition ‘samut’ has this meaning. Thus the 
term pratStya-samntpada (in our system) conveys 
the idea of a manifestation of (separate) entities as 
relative to their causes and conditions 1 . 

HI. THE MEANING- OF THIS TERM 
IN HlNAYlNA. 

Others, (Srflabha and other Hmayanists), 2 maintain 
that pratitya-samutpada means (appearance and im¬ 
mediate) disappearance of everything. The verb T 
means to go, to disappear ; ‘itya’ is the participle, 
meaning “fit to disappear.” The preposition ‘prati’ 
generalises. ‘Pratatya’ is thus (not a gerund), but a 
derivative noun (meaning that everything is momen- 
1 hetu-pratyaya-apeksa. 

8 la the autras of the Hinayana the term applied to the doctrine 
abont the twelve consecutive degrees in the development of an 
individual life (sc. of the ekandhas), from prenatal forces sams- 
hara up to the continuation of Me, after death (jati) Bnt this, 
according to the ‘abhidharma’, is only a special case of the general 
law of inter-dependence os a synonym of all samskrta-dharmas, 
cp. my Central Conception p 28. The formula of this inter¬ 
dependence “this being, that becomes, from this arises that” has 
then been criticised, because the generalized formula, since it 
refers to all elements, to those also that exist simulateneously, 
' the meaning of a consecution will not be quite correct. There- 
. fore Srilabha proposed his interpretation, according to which 
the first part of the term is a participle, not a gerund and does not 
imply consecution, but simultaneity and evanescence. Cp. Ab. 
KoSa-bhSsya, and IH 28 In this treatise pratitya-samutpada 
is treated m the first chapter, the 12 mdanas quite separately 
in the 26th. 




( 126 ) 

tary) The evanescent momentary things appear—that 
is their explanation. 

IV. THE HUMANIST INTERPRETATION . 
REJECTED 

This interpretation fits very well such passages of 
the Scripture as the following one, “0 Brethren, I will 
teach you the Dependent Origination (of everything). 
Those who will get an insight into it, will have grasped 
the teaching of the Buddha, etc” The sense of 
generalisation and the suggested grammatical compo¬ 
sition of the term can be accounted for. But in other 
passages there is altogether no generalisation, 4 because 
a single particular case is directly referred to eg, 
in the following words, “visual consciousness appears 
when co-ordinated with the faculty of vision and a' 
patch of colour”. In this expression “in co-ordination 
with the faculty of vision” the word” in co-ordination” 
takes into account the one single flash 2 of conscious¬ 
ness, produced also from one single moment of the 
faculty of vision. There is no generalisation 

But the interpretation which we propose applies 
in both cases. The meaning of relativity applies when 
the word ‘pratltya’ does not refer to a single case. It 
then means relative existence in general, origination 
relatively to something else. It also can be applied 
when a particular single occasion is referred to, for in 
that case we interpret it as meaning “with reference 

1 Tins is the same criticism which is already mentioned by Vasn- 
bandku, op oit ad m 29 

2 eka-vi]nan otpatti 



( 127 ) 


to the faculty of vision, in co-ordination with this 
faculty, having regard for this faculty,—visual consci¬ 
ousness appears”. 

If we take the word ‘itya’ as a derivative adjective, 
.then the above sentence “visual consciousness arises 
in co-ordination with the faculty of vision and some 
colours” will altogether change its meaning. This 
word, if not a gerund and when not the first part of a 
compound, must appear in its inflected form 
(pratltyam) 1 . The meaning of the sentence would 
then be the following one, “all visual consciousness 
is evanescent (pratltyam) in regard to the faculty of 
vision and the colours” 2 . This is impossible, therefore 
it must be taken as a gerund and indeclinable. We 
will then get for the 'whole term the meaning of depen¬ 
dent origination, or relative, unreal existence. 

Y. THE OPINION OF BHAVAVIVEKA 

Now, another author, Bhavaviveka, de aling with 
this topic begins by quoting opposed opinions and then 
goes on to refute them. He quotes in the, following 
way “One party The Mahayanist Buddhapalita, 
explains the term ‘pratitya-samutpada’ as meaning 
“manifestation, dependent on every cause”, or relative 
existence”, They assume that the preposition ‘prati’ 
has a generalising sense, the verbal root T the sense of 
relativity, the word samutplida the sense of existence or 
origination. Another party the Hinayanist Srilabha, 
maintains that pratitya-samutpada’ means'the appear- 
ance of all immed iately disappearing things ”. 1 

T - 7 ^Stjsi-sanmtpadalTpratityasj^i (tednETsya) aamutpfdSu- 

* Lit “eye-evanescent sensation and colours”. 



( 128 ) 


First of all, we notice here a remarkable incapacity 
of quoting foreign opinions with anything like precision. 
How is that * Because that party which interprets 
the word ‘pratitya’ as indicating relativity, does not 
give to the preposition ‘prati’ a generalising sense, nor 
does it give to the verb V by itself, the meaning of 
being relative. .It on the contrary explains the 
preposition ‘prati’ as meaning relativity, and then 
takes the whole composite word ‘pratitya’ as meaning 
like wise relativity.® 

Now, if we take pratitya-samutpada as meaning 
“relative existence” then it will cover both caseB, where 
the generalised meaning is wanted and where a single 
case is meant When it takes into account all possible 
things then the genralised meaning is applied in the 
following way, “in every oase, dependent upon a 
corresponding complex of causes and conditions, 
something exists, i e. it arises, in coordination with 
them”,® But when a single thing is referred to, then 

T Litp 7 6-8 1‘'But one who quotes the explanation of others thus, 
sinoe the preposition means generalisation, it means ‘reaching* 
and the word samulpdda means ‘becoming,’ with reference to 
suoh and suoh cause reachmg, becoming, thus one party, m 
every oase origination of evanesoent things is pratltya-samut- 
pada, thus the other party ” 

* But they never have given to the root the meaning of praplt as 
.imputed p 7-6 

* This is also mentioned by Vasubandhu loco oit and Yaiomitra, 
as the interpretation of Srilabha The interpretation pratitya- 
prapya is also criticised in the Ab Kotali ad III 20, bnt on 

* different grounds It is supposed to suggest a consecution of ele¬ 
ments, and to leave out of aooonnt the interdependence of 
simultaneously existing elements 



( 129 ) 


»then nnderataa • ^ co . orf ' illtl tjcm with some 

”“aMh of the faculty of vwoo mi »»”>». 
STm th» «»** BMvoTivek. ntomtontg 
ttL « wm» m nil cusss hu 

rhuJ to quote th. opinion <U *• 


VI BHAVAVIVEKA’S criticism 0? 

BUDDHAPALITA’S comment 
T he following criticism of our definition by 
Bhavaviveka is likewise unfounded. He thinks that 
our interpretation of the sentence “visual consciousness 
arises when co-ordinated with the sense of vision and 
some colour” is wrong, beeansc we have expressed 
this inter-dependence hy the word “reaching”, pratd- 
tya-prS.pya, one thing springs up when “reaching” 
the other. “There are here (says he) no two things 
'reaching one another’. We cannot understand this 
criticism. What‘is the reason adduced 1 He says 
that if one thing is not attained, not “reached”, how 
is the other to originate 1 There is no argument. It 
is mere begging the question. 1 But perhaps his real 

—=---«-V 

1 Lit. p. 9 10 9 1 “ And this is wrong on the part of Bhavaviveka 
He says and moreover it is not right to maintain that the m re¬ 
lation to m reaching tho eye and the colours, visual sunsationanses, 

, bocauso two things (reaching one another ate here) impossible.” 

_ • Just as the incriminated fault is nonsense Why * Because 
how is it that one thing will arise when the other is not attained, 

. not roaohod 1 these words, of Bh are a bore postulate without 
any argument" On p 9 1 read, with the Mss Katham anava 
(ga) to'prSpte sambhavah, and onp.8 10 preferably etaccyuktam. 


( 130 ) 


argument is the following one. Consciousness being- 
mental and the sense of vision physical, the first cannot 
be reached by the second Experience teaches that 
only material things can. be reached by the sense of 
vision. But this is a trivial objection. The term 
reaching is used in Scripture when the attaining of 
spiritual aims is in question, c.g, “this recluse has 
reached the goal”. Others reject the criticism upon 
the score that reaching is synonymous with being 
dependent Our common Master Nagaijuna has 
himself used it in this sense (in his Yukti-sastika) 
“if something springs up after having reached this or 
that, (i e., if something is dependent upon this and 
that), it is not renlly produced by these conditions'*. 

VII. THE DEFINITION OF THE TERM BY 
BHAVAVIVEKA 

As to the opinion pleaded by Bhavaviveka himself 
it is not quite correct Indeed he gives the term 
pratStya-samutpada the meaning of “of being relative 
to something else” in the sense of a disjunctive judge¬ 
ment), “if this is, that appears,” “because this has 
appeared, that will appear 1 Although the word “depen¬ 
dent originat ion” consists of two words, it is not right 
to suppose that each refers to a different object.® The 

1 Bhavaviveka hero partly returns to the interpretation already 
contained in the Hinayanasutras (c g. M N. HI 63), bntof course 
its meaning is quito changed Formerly it referred to real ele¬ 
ments (dliarmas), now it moons SunyatS, or unreal dharmos— 
s The difficulty arising from the interpretation of the term os in¬ 
volving a disjunctive sentonoe is also mentioned by Vasubondhu, 
opl cit. ad HI 28. 


( 131 ) 

parts axe only mentioned ■with a view to etymological 
explanation. 

Bhavaviveka further says, * ‘pratltya-samutpada’ ’ 
is thus named without any regard to its being composed 
of two words, we can take it as a conventional ex¬ 
pression for Relativity just as the expression “the 
forest ornament” is used to designate something utterly 
useless, without any connection either with forest or 
with ornament”. 

This also misses the mark, since our Master admits 
the term to have a meaning which harmonises with the 
meaning of its parts. Indeed he says, “whatsoever 
appears as relative to this and that is not really 
existent”. 

At last Bhavaviveka explains the term to mean 
(mere Relativity), “this being, that becomes, e.g. as far 
as there is something short, there is also something 
long”. Does he not admit exactly (not independently, 
but) as far as it is coordinated to the short, as relative 
to the short, as dependent upon the short. Thus 
Bhavaviveka rejects with one hand what he accepts 
with the other. This is not right, but we will not 
insist upon this point. 

VIII. THE PRINCIPLE OF RELATIVITY THE 
LAW OF ALL PLURALISTIC EXISTENCE 

Thus it is that Buddha wished to put in a strong 
light 1 (the principle of Relativity), i.e. the fact that 
entities are produced only in the sense of being co-or- 

1 pandlpayafca-panto dipayata. 


( 132 ) 

dinated 1 He, therefore, maintains that nothing is 
produced at random, neither from a unique cause, 
nor from a variety of causes ; he denies that they are 
identical with ■ their causes, that they are different 
from them, or that they are both (partly identical 
and partly non-identical) By this negative method 
lie discloses the true relative character of all the relative 
■entities of every day life. 2 This is the relative existence 
or dependent origination, because nothing really new 
is produced- JTrom the transcendentalisms point of 
view, it is a condition where nothing disappears, nor 
something new appears etc , and in which there is no 
motion' 3 ". It is* a condition characterised by the eight 

1 hctu-pratyaya-apeksa, , 5 

a pratitya-samutpada is here synonymous with sunyata-anta 
'dvayn'rahitatva—advaita, .and although it is the contrary of 
Ii.isamvxfcti, it is hero called samvrfctah pratltya-samut-padah mean¬ 
ing, that protttya-samutpannatva or advaita oi sunyata is 
^ real condition whioh is covered or hidden behind the phenomenal 
' world," the samvrtti (It is a karmasSdhaua, i e , samvryate 
etad lti samvrta, not a karana-sadhana, i e not samvnyate 
- ancna.) 

. a,-The arya 05 arya-pudgala is the Buddliist Saint who has entered 
~jthe path of Salvation, has bcoome srofca-apanna, has reached 
'' ‘ m3 ight (drsti-niorga) of reality as it revealsitself to thepliilomqiher. 
In Hlnayona, it is the man who has acquired the intelleotual 
habit of toeing every ,whero only sapapito, discrete, evanescent 
1 elements (djiwraatu-anatma). , He has got rid of the impression 
of stability winch the world produces upon the ordinary man. 
In. Mahayana, as is seen from .this passage, it is the man who lias 
0 acquired a-moiustic viow of the Universe, he has cognised the 
' pratitya-samutpada as tunyata-dl'armr-nairfitmya From the 
' ' phrasing of this and many other passages, it clearly appears 
that the Mshayanistio Saint, the fiiya and the Boddhisatava, 



( 133 ) 


above mentioned characteristics, nothing disappears 
etc . 1 The whole of this treatise is intended by its 
author to prove that the condition of interdependence 
or the principle of Relativity does not allow for some¬ 
thing in the Universe to disappear, nor for something 
new to appear. 1 

• The principle of Relativity being the central law 
of all existence can be characterised by an infinite 
number of fintite characteristics , 2 But only eight have 

„ possesses, jn addition to lus nornl achievement his Maha- 
, yaaistic bodhi-citta-utpada, thepraoticc ofthe paramitas, the 
attainment of bhumis and'tlie Mahayimistic Great Commisera¬ 
tion, os a foundation of all this, a monistic view 'of the Universe, 
acquired by yogi-pratyaksa It constitutes the omniscience, 
sarvajnata, of the Bodhisattva which together with the saiva- 
'Skara-jnata of the Buddha IB the main idea of the abhisamaya 
( or pTajnaparamita in Aryasanga’p mtorpretation - This 
' sarvajnata is acordmgly. very different froip our conception of 
Omniscience We find a very interesting oxposition_of -these- 
topics in Vacaspatimisra's NyayakamkS, the sBrvajlia-vada 
begins p. 110-16 (Reprint from the Pandit), idle Buddhi'st 
■ i yogipratyaksa p , 147 ff the brahmamoal yogiabhrmata-sarvajha 
p. v its refutation sva-matena p .. ff Naiyayaika-abhunatc- 
yogi-pratyakaa 

1 Lit p. 10 12 11 2 “By this negation the concealed essence ofthe 
covered eiitifcies is disclosed as it exists And now just this con¬ 
cealed pratlfya-samnfcpgda-is characterised by eight characteris¬ 
tics, hon disappearance etc , Smoe, as it has hot been produced 
m its own essence', there is in it with reference 'to-the arya,no 
disappearance, up to "there is no motion out ” 

, Spinoza’s idea that the essentia Dei is equal to infinit e 
number of finite attributes or modes. Here we have • exactly 
the same thought expressed by the Indian Momst, viz (Bnddha- 
dhanna-kSyasys-Siinyataygh) anantavifiesna-e&mbhave 



( 134 ) 

been selected, because they are predominant in the 
sense of having given opportunities for discussion 

It is also called Nirvana, the Quiescence or 
equalisation of all plurality, because when it is critically 
realised 1 there is for the philosopher 2 absolutely no 
differentiation of existence to which our words 8 and 
concepts could be applied That very essence of 
Relativity is called Nirvana the Quiescence of Plurality, 
for 'which there are nq words. 

Thoughts and feelings 4 do not arise in this (undiff¬ 
erentiated whole), there is no subject and no object of 
knowledge, there is consequently no turmoil like birth, 
old age and death, there is eternal bliss. 5 

Since the principle of Dependent Origination as 
it is here defined (as meaning the Relativity of existence) 
represents the direct obj'ect of the process of instruction, 

1 yathavasthita darfano 
8 aryanam p 90 no, 4 

3 prapanoo vakcp. M vr, p 373 9 the reality isnisprapfica-amrva- 
caniya. but of course, not only words, concepts are also meant 

4 citta-caittah 

1 this idea of bliss as equivalent to absence of suffering is the same 
as in the Nyaya system, p 64 ff It coincides with the Vedanta 
idea by the conception of all plurality-being merged m a unique 
$11-embracing substance It is also a spiritual substance because 
dharma-kaya is spiritual (jnSna) Acording to Deusscn, System 
des Vedfinta, p 228-9 ananda with Sankara also means Freiheit 
von biden, cp ibid p 160 Nevertheless the Buddhists would 
probably not characterise their funyata as finanda which carries 
a flavour of worldliness 




< 135 ) 


it is in the dedicatory verses alluded to as the object 
of Buddha’s teaching:— 

The perfect Buddha, 

The foxemeost of all Teachers I salute, 

He has proclaimed 

The principle of (Universal) Relativity. 

‘This like blissful Nixvajja, 

Quiescence of Plurality. 

There nothing disappears, 

Not anything appears, 

Nothing has an end, 

Nor is anything eternal, 

Nothing is identical (with itself). 

Nor is there anything differentiated. 

Nothing moves, 

Neither hither, nor thither. 

Buddha alone has rightly taught the doctrine of 
Relativity, because he has conceived it m the manner 
here described. Our Master Nagarjuna having realised 
that tall divergent doctrines are nothing but foolish 
talk (as compared with this doctrine of Buddha) gives 
expression to his deep feeling of devotion and praises 
the Buddha by inserting the characteristic. He is 
the foremost of all Teachers. 

IX. CAUSALITY DENIED 

In such a Universe nothing can disapear. The 
denial of extinction comes first.. This is to illustrate 
the feet that it is not in every respect established - that 



( 130 ) 


every thing must first appear and then disappear 
Indeed it will be stated below.— 

If birth comes first, 

Decay and death comes later, 

We will then have a birth 
Without decay and death, 

And what is born will be immortal. 

Therefore there is no hard and fast rule that 
everything must first appear and then disppear The 
author now intends to explain the principle- of that 
Relativity which implies the'denial of extinction and 
other characteristics But he thinks it more convenient 
to begin with the denial of origination, 1 e. of causality, 
because the denial of extinction etc will become after 
that an easy task 

Causation whioh is imagined m other systems 
as a real production appears either as a new mam* 
festaton of the same continuant stuff, or as an 
influenoe of separate factors, or as the result of both a 
continuant stuff and separate factors, or as proceeding 
at random without any regulation The author decides 
that one of these theories is in the right 
Never at all nowhere and none 
Are the things that arise 
Out of self, of non-self, or both. 

Or at random 1 

(The meaning of the words is here the following one, 
“At all” means at any tim e “somewhere” means 
the place, it is equivalent to m what-ever.place’, some? 
feeing means the objects situated on the place, is it 



( 137 ) 


equivalent to some things. All this is denied—never 
nowhere and none. The meaning is the following one: 
Never, nowhere and nothing is found which is produced 
out of its own self. And in the'same way'the three 
next predicates, 'oat of ‘non-self, out of both, without 
a cause must be interpreted. 

\ It can be objected that an undesirable consequence 1 
will follow, (if we lay stress 1 upon the negation and' 
maintain that entities do) not at all arise out of them¬ 
selves. • It will follow that they arise out of some 
non-self, (i e. out of the factors -separate from them). 
No,-this will not follow, since only a simple negation is 
expressed , 8 (without any implied affirmation of the 
contrary). Production out of something separate will 
likewise be denied. t 

«' X IDENTITY OF CAUSE AND EFFECT 
DENIED 

" , ,The argument against self-origination, (i.e , against 
the preexistence of the effect in its matenal cause) 
must he constructed upon the same lines which we 
have sketched m our “Introduction to the Madhya- 
ouka system”. 

. iWe.find' there the following statement . 3 
_ Thus, 

'' . ‘ v No real advantage (will accrue) 

If something will be bom (that already exists). 
--If (something really) does exist, 

__Its own repeated birth is quite a nonsense. 

1 prasanga ” ’ ■ ' 

’^prawiya-pratisedha 
M.>av (B,B)IX vi S. 



( 138 ) 

The Master Buddhapalita makes the following 
comment. “Entities do not arise out of their own self, 
since each origination would serve no purpose, and 
because the quite absurd consequence 1 would follow 
lihat everyting is eternally arising Indeed if things 
exist, there is no need to produce them once more, 
and supposing'an existing thing could’be {once-inorfe) ' 
produced, never would it be non-nascent”. 

xi. bhAvayiveka ASSAILS THE COMMENT 

OF BUDDHAPALITA 

Some philosophers viz Bhavaviveka have raised 
objections against this interpretation of Buddhapalita. 
His comment, (they maintain) misses the mark, 
because, 

(1) neither a reason nor an example is given, 

(2) objections are left unanswered, 

(3) it is a mere deduction ad absurdum, 2 
(consequently) in contrast (with the denial) 
expressed, a contra-thesis and a contra- 
reason will emerge (by implication) It will 
then follow that entities are produced' out 
of something essentially separate from them, 
since this will serve a purpose, and since 
this will prevent eternal new production of 
the same already existing thing. 8 

1 atiprasanga- 
s prasanga-vakya 

a Lit, p 15. 1-2 "Through an ohversion of the subject stated, 
when the contrary subject, as a predicte and its appurtenance, 



( 139 ) 


XH. THE FIRST OBJECTION OF 
BHAVAVTVEKA ANSWERED 
We consider all this attaok to be ill founded. For 
what reason % Regarding the first objection, viz. that 
no independent reason and no example are given, we 
answer that this is not to the point. "Why, because 
the position is the following one.' An opposing party 
(the SSAkhya System) advocates the identity of cause 
and effect , 1 and is invited to explain, what may be 
the use of causation in regard to something already 
existent. In saying that the self is the cause, you 
seemingly maintain that one’s own self is once more 
produced. Now, we do not understand the meaning 
of a new production of what already exists. Moreover, 
we see the danger of an infinite regress. The newly 
produced thing will be els long as it exists again and 
again produced and so on ad iqfbnttuan.*- 

But you, (tbe Satikhya) do not really mean to 
maintain that an existing thing is once more produced, 
neither do you admit, an infinite semes® of self¬ 
productions. It follows that your theory of a sub¬ 
stantial identity between cause and effect is absurd 4 

will emerge, it will be a contradiction, with, the adopted principle, 
ms, entities have arisen from something extraneous, since their 
birth is useful and since their birth shall have an end,” sSdhya- 
pak§a, taddharma-paksa-dharma, vyakti-arthapattii, krtanta- 
siddhanta 

1 svata utpattih, satkaryam. 

* It would be similar to the Hinayamst and Yog&c&ras, ‘view 
sarvam ksamkam’. 

* anavasthS. 

* nirupapattika. 


( 340 ) 

•and expressed as it is, it runs against yom own inten¬ 
tions 

* Now, (yon think) that if (the Sankhya) our oppo¬ 
nent, is assailed merely in this way, he will not yield 
(to our .onslaught), and an (other) reason with example 
is. needed in order to make it (more) efficacious. But 
if you have detected a self-contradiction (in the argu¬ 
ment of your) opponent 1 and he nevertheless persists 
(in his errors) neither will he be reduced to silence by 
new arguments and 'examples, for his obstinacy is due 
to his impudence and it is not worth our while to 
•carry on a disputation with a fool 
' -The Master. Bhavaviveka betrays indeed a certain 
"bias for syllogistic reasoning. He would like a syllo¬ 
gism to be’-mtroduced at the wrong place. ..But accord¬ 
ing to the Madhyamika method of dialectics an inde¬ 
pendent argument is never needed. This method con-, 
sists in producing a contrathesis and then balancing 
two conflicting views without admitting either of them 
It has been said by Aryadeva, 

-. If I neither admit a thing’s reality, 

‘ .Nor’ unreality, nor both (at once), 

— Then, to confute me - - — 

• A long time will be needed 2 

In the “Repudiation of Conflicts”..(the manual 
_ of-Hagai] turn) , if is likewise stated, _ , ~ 

1 The Sankhya admits both utpada and svata, i e he admits 
that lad eva nlpadyate, but he does not wish.it to be an absolute 
identity, thus he is in conflict with himself there is sva-upfcgama- 
vrrodha 

a Lit p 16 4 5 "who has no thesis, is, is not is ls-not, his confuta¬ 
tion even long it is impossible to tell" Cp CatuMatakn, XVI 25- 



{ 1 « ) 


When I have theses (of my own to prove), ' 

I can commit mistakes just for the sake( of proving 
But I have none, I cannot be accused 
(Of being inconsistent). 

If I did (really) cognise some (separate) things, 
I could then make an affirmation or a denial 
Upon the basis of these things perceived or (in¬ 
ferred ) 1 

But these (separate) things do not exist for me' 8. 
Therefore I cannot be asailed on such a basis. 

XIII THE SECOND POINT OF BHAVAVIVEKA 
VIZ. THAT THE ANSWER OF THE SAN- _ 
EHYA IS LEFT UNNOTICED BY 
BUDDHAPALITA, REJECTED 
Thus it is that since the Madhyamika is not obliged 
to have an argument of his own in which he believes, 
why do you require Buddhapalita to confute the 
Sankhya by an independent argument, like the one 
produced by yourself, viz. that “the mind and the 
sense faculties 3 are not necessarily 4 identical to 

1 Adi in 16-10 refers to probably anumana 

* i e, for the Monist. 

3 adhyStnuka-ayatana are the six subjective bases of our cognitions, 
l s , for sense faculties and pure, undifferentiated consciousness- 
(vqfisna), op My Central Conception p 7 All mental pheno¬ 
mena are, according to the Sankhya System, essentialy physical, 
products of the evolution of Matter and, in this senee, they are 
identical with their cause or, as this is here expressed, produced 
out of their own self, out of the same substance Bhavanveka 
sets forth against this theory a Tegul&T syllogism, which will be- 
analysed by Candraklrti m the sequel, p. 25 

* From the Tib nes-te, cp. M. vr, p. 17 4. 



( 142 ) 

their cause * The Siirikhyn, indeed, has responded to 
this argument in the following way, 

“What is the meaning of your argument * Do you 
deny an identity between cause and effect because an 
effect is really a new manifestation of the same matter, 
or because you deny the identity of matter itself ? l 
If it is the first, then you bring against us a point 
which we never doubted, (we agree that the effect is a 
new manifestation of a continuant stuff). If it is the 
second, then it is you, Buddhapalita, who are contradic¬ 
ting yourself , 8 not I, because even you, the Monist, 
must agree that every produot necessarily preexists in 
its cause 3 

1 Lit. p, 17 l 18.1 “What is hero the meaning of the thesis l 
It is 'from self as containing the result of from self' as being the 
cause If (from the solf) as being tha cause it is contradiction, 
since everything haring originatin originates as being necessarily 
existent as a cause". 

a Baddhapulita first accuses the Sankhyn of self-contradiction, by 
imputing to him the idea that an already existing thing is once 
more produced, although it already exists The Snnkhya answers 
by accusing Buddhapiikta of solf-contradiction on the score that 
a Monist must admit tbe identity of cause and effect The 
Vodanto, indeed, admits satkarya-vSda 
a The SSSkhya maintains that, smcc Matter is eternal, every thing 
is identical with it as for as it is an impermanent manifestation 
of thiB permanent Matter. He does not deny the evolution of 
this Matter into difforcnt forms. The objection of Buddhapalita 
is unfair, because the SBhldiya never denied the vanofy of the 
manifestations If nasvalah=naK&ranatmalam tlua will contradict 
the tho prmoiple of satlaryavada, >= therefore, nn svatali if na 
knryatmakam, tho Sankhya willagrco, ho will soy sarvam karafia- 
tmakam vidyate, karyotmokam (kBryom-avirbLovoli) nn vidyate. 



( 143 ) 


(To this retort of the Safikhya, Bhavaviveka re¬ 
quires that Buddhapalita should give a reply). But 
how can we (Madhyamikas who do not believe in logic 
altogether) produce an argument 1 like the one produced 
hy Bhavaviveka about the transcendental reality of 
all mental phenomena ? This argument the Sankhya 
could indeed declare either trivial, because he never 
doubted it, or self contradicting because it really implies 


kiLrane nasfci vivadah, kata Ham Bat, kaiye tu mahin vxvadah. 
The Yaiiesika maintains that in the effect even the stuff is differ¬ 
ent, although related by sama vayi-kara na. The Hinayamst 
Buddhist denies the existence of a continual staff altogether. 
The Madhyamika’s intention is to show the hopeless mutual 
contradictions of all these views and thus indirectly to establish 
Monism. By leaving the main issue, the difference between 
origination and manifestation, intentionally in the dark, by taking 
the expressions svata utpadah “origination out of one’s own 
self’, satkarya “preexistence of the result” literally Bnddha- 
palita secures a dialectical triumph. Bhavaviveka wishes to 
improve the position of the Mfidhyannka by producing a sound 
argument. 

1 This argument of Bh&vaviveka is given below, text, p 26.1 
For the Saftkhya, all mental phenomena and the intellect are of a 
physical nature, but an eternal, unchanging, motionless Spiritual 
Principle is reflected in them Bhavaviveka, as a momst, 
assimilates all mental phenomena, from the transcendental point 
of view, to this eternal unique principle. The Safikhya replies 
that this is not a refutation, but a corroboration of an identity 
between cause and effect, and that it is a self-contradiction, since 
it at the same time denies and accepts this identity For Buddha- 
p&hta, it is enough to'pomt to the contradiction between ntpada 
and vidyamSnatva, he, from his transcendental point of view, 
neither believes m the one, nor in the other. Op. p. 105. Art 

xvm. 




( 144 ) 


the identity of cause and effect Why should we ‘bother 
about imputed melevance or this imputed sclf-contra,- 
diction ? Therefore, since these accusations of the oppo¬ 
nent are absolutely out of place, it was not incumbent 
upon our levered Buddlinpalita to refute them - 1 . - 
XIV THE MADHYAMIKA METHOD - ! 
EXPLAINED 

But perhaps we must undei stand Bhavaviveka to 
--mean the following thing Since the Madhyamika 
docs not admit any valid leason, thesis or example, 
and cannot produce any independent argument, let 
us concede that he is incapable himself of proving what 
' he would like to prove, viz that there is no real causa¬ 
tion out of the same stuff. We also admit that it is 
impossible for him to combat the tenet of the oppo¬ 
nent by an argument based upon facts the reality of 
which both parties admit 

However in accusing your opponent of contradic¬ 
tion, you must yourself take your stand upon an argu¬ 
ment which, m your own opinion , 2 would be free of 
those logical errors to which a thesis, a reason or an 
1 Lit 18 1-3 "Hoiv can wo liavo a reason, because they cast,— 
a roason tliat would oitlior be a proof of the proved or a 
contradiction, for the refutation of whose proving the proved 
or its contradictory character we si ould take pains 1 Therefore, 
since ho is quite nnaffoctcd by the accusations pronounced by 
the opponent, revere! Huddhapfihta is not obliged to expatiate 
upon their refutation If w o accept the Sanskrit, not the Tibetan, 
text of the last sentence sc omitting na and the q of prnsauga, 
it will mean, “therefore revered Buddhapiihta is obliged to 
expatiate upon a rcfuatation of them only when he is lumself 
affected by tbc accusations of the opponent" 

* svata ova. 




( 145 ) 

example is liable. But Buddhapalita has given bo- 
reason and no examples, neither has he shown his capa¬ 
city of avoiding the logical errors pointed out by the 
Safikhya. Therefore, the accusation that he has proved 
nothing by his deduction ad absurdum stands. 

To this we answer: this is not right. Why ? 
Because of the following considerations. Certainly, 
when some one is vindicating an assertion, he is desirous 
to convince other people, just as he is convinced him¬ 
self. He must prove to his opponent the validity of 
that very argument by which he himself has arrived at 
the right conclusion. 

N 

It is indeed a general rule that the opponent should 
be at length induced to agree with that very line of 
argument which the respondent himself has set forth 
in order to prove his own thesis. Bnt the case of 
the MSdhyamika is quite different. He does not 
vindicate any assertion m order to convince his oppo¬ 
nent. He has no bonafide reasons and examples of 
which he himself is convinced He sets forth a thesis of 
his owu and undertakes to prove it only so far as it 
■runs parallel and destroys the argument of his 
opponent 

He thus brings assertions which cannot be proved . 1 
He is in conflict even with himself He certainly 
cannot convince his opponent of (this imagined thesis). 

But can there be a more eloquent refutation of 
an opponent than the proof that he is not capable of 
establishing his own thesis * Is there really any neces- 
jaty to prod uce new counter arguments ? a 

1 nirapaptttika-pafega. 


2 anumana tbadha.- 



( 148 ) 

XV BUDDHAPALITA’S comment vindicated 
FROM THE STANDPOINT OF FORMAL 
LOGIC 

However if you insist that this must be necessarily 
done and require that the contradiction in the tenet 
of the opponent should be disclosed by an independent 
argument, wo maintain that Buddhapahta has done it 
If you ask, how is that ? We answer * he has said, 
Entities do not arise out of themselves, 

Because such origination would serve no purpose, 
Here the word “such” refers to a new origination 
of something by itslelf already existing 

The following words contain a comment upon 
this short statement 1 “If something already exists 
in its own real mdividahty, it does not need to be pro¬ 
duced once more ” This sentence points to the exam¬ 
ple , 2 i e., an analogous case admitted by the opponent 
where both the reason and the predicate coexist e g, 
an existing jar. The reason is indicated by the words 
“existing in its own individuality”, and the predicate 

1 read p 20 3 tasya grahnnka-vakyasya What a grolianaka- 
vakyam is appears dearly from Tatparyatika, p 145 10 and 

an overwhelming multitude of similar phrasing m all Nyfiya 
literature The argument is first stated laconically (graha- 
Tjtaka) and then developed (vivarana) 

3 The example is always a very important part of the Indian 
syllogism, parartlifinnmana It pointB to the particular facts on 
whidi the general rule or the major premise is established Apart 
from such formal syllogism, Indian logic knows a simple inference 
from one particular to another one, svarthflnumBna, it is a simple 
inference by analogy wluoh is considered as representing the 
.essence of thought or of synthesis in general. 




( M7 ) 


is indicated by the words “because such origination 
would serve no purpose.” We thus shall have the 
following regular syllogism— 

Thesis An entity does not require a second 
production. 

Reason. Because it exists. 

Example. Just as a jar. 

Major Premise. Whatsoever exists does not re¬ 
quire to be produced once more. 

We can indeed express a syllogism m two diffe¬ 
rent ways, e.g., we can express it thus— 

Thesis. The word is not an eternal substance 1 . 

Reason. Because it is produced. 

Major premise Whatsoever is produced is not 
eternal. 

But we can put it also in another way:— 

Major premise. Whatsoever is produced is known 
to be non-eternal. 

Example As for example a jar. 

Minor premise The word is produced. 

Conclusion. Therefore, being produced, it is not 
eternal 

1 The school of the Mimamsakas imagined that the word waB an 
eternal transcendental substance, somewhat similar to the 
Platonio idea The uttered word was then only its particular 
manifestation. The logicians and all other schools of philosophy 
denied the existence of the eternal word on the score that the 
word which we know from experience is an impermanent pro¬ 
duction To illustrate the rules of logic this example is as popular 
in the whole Bast, as the deduction of Socrates’ mortality is the 
current example of the first form of the syllgism in the West. 



( 148 ) 

In this instance the reason (middle term) reveals 1 
itself in the minor premise, “the word is produced”, 
where the application of the middle term to the minor 
is indicated. 

This is (just what Buddhapalita has done) m the 
present case. (He has said) 

Entities do not arise of the own self, 

Since the production of what already exists is not 
needed 

He might have put the same argument in another 
form — 

Major premise Whatsoever already exists does 
not want to he produced 

Example As e g, this jar standing before us. 

(Minor premise It already exists) 

(Conclusion. It needs no second production). 

The jar in its (potential) condition in a lump of 
clay is an example (by contrast) 1 , since it needs to be 
really produced But if you mean the jar which al¬ 
ready exists by itself, such a jar is not produced once 
more Thus it is that the reason (i e. the middle term 
in Buddhapabta’s syllogism) is the fact of direot indi¬ 
vidual existence, a fact which precludes a second 
origination of the existent, it is expressed (in the 
minor premise, the so-called) application 8 of the middle 

1 Instead of reading, 'tatha ca’ it would be preferable to read 
‘na tu’, but tatha ca’ is also possible, since a vaidhannya- 
drstanta is also sometimes introduced in this way Aftei avas- 
thSyam a cheia must be inserted 

8 upanayana 


( 149 ) 


term to the minor, and thus it is that Buddhapalita 
has really elicited in the argument of the Sankhya a 
contradiction. He has done it just by an independent 
argument of his own. How is it then that you accuse 
him of giving neither a reason, nor an example ? 

XVI. THE ANSWER OF THE SANKHYA 
VIRTUALLY REPUDIATED BY 
BUDDHAPALTIA 

We have thus shown that the accusation of Budd- 
hapalita for not having produced a regular syllogism 
with a reason and example is not sound. But only 
not this. Equally unfounded is the accusation of not 
having repudiated the double stricture of the oppo¬ 
nent, (sc. The Sankhya, who accuses him either of 
telling nothing new, of contradicting himself). 
(Virtually he has repudiated the Sankhya also). How 
is that ? The Sankhya maintains that if our denial 
of identity between cause and effect only means that 
the effect is a new manifestation of the same stuff, 
thiB he has himself always admitted. Yes, but the San¬ 
khya never admitted that causation consists in a mani¬ 
fested ]ar, a jar standing before us, being once more 
manifested and it is just manifested jar, in its ready 
form , 1 that we take as an example when we prove 
the absurdity of the idea of an identity between cause 
and effect. 

Regarding the non-manifested jar, the jar in its 
potential condition 2 as a lump of clay, it is clear a 

krt because its form or esseaoe, rupa-svarupa is established 
as au example", op the Tib transl 
* 6akti-rupapanna 



( 160 ) 


forhon t 1 from our point of view it cannot be produced. 
How is it then possible to accuse our thesis of falling 
in with the Sankhya view 8 , and how is it possible to 
accuse our argument of being self-contradictory 3 ? 

To summarize our opinion. Buddhapahta has 
pomted out the contradiction in the Sfnkhya theory of 
causality not only by a deduction ad absurdum, but 
also by an independent argument Nevertheless the 
faults imputed to him do not exist. It is, therefore, 
impossible to maintain that he has not answered the 
accusations of the Sanlchya The whole onslaught (of 
Bhavaviveka) is therefore absolute nonsense 3 

XVII. SOME MINOR POINTS EXPLAINED 

It might be objected that the example of a jar is 
not convincing enough The rule may apply for the 
production of a jar out of clay, and not apply to the 
production of a piece of cloth out of threads ? No, 
because we say a jar etc. . By the etc the inclusion 
of every possible object which can originate is indicated. 

a qualified predicate, a predicate a fortton, 
ktn-r upa-nnutpatti-karana-r upa ,-karya sya anntpntfa- 
ltpatti 

jecfcion of a faculty thesis of the proved 
erefore if there is also an objection (codcna) of 
ion by a self-argument (-svanumanena, 1 e., even 
that Buddhapahta has produced a real argument, 
faults as they have been depicted do not east, the 
tion of the faults mentioned by the opponent is quite 
Thus this critique is quite inoongruous This should 
own” 



( 151 ) 


There is not the slightest possibility to doubt (that 
the rule might not apply to a cloth etc. 

The argument (against the Sankhya) may have* 
also been formulated (by Buddhapalita) in another way, 
■viz. 

(Thesis). All physical entities do not arise out of 
themselves. 

(Reason) Because they always exist in their own. 
essence, (i.e,, because Matter is eternal). 

Example—Just as the (eternal) Spirit does. 

The Sankhya who advocates the identity of cause 
and effect must accept this argument for that very 
reason that he advocates this identity which is here' 
exemplified by his changeless Spirit. This example 
of the Spirit whose eternal identity the Sankhya admits 
may have also been quoted by Buddhapalita in order 
to combat the Sankhya view 1 . 

It might be maintained that the Sankhya is not 
affected by this denial of origination. He vindicates 
the theory that causality consists m a new manifesta¬ 
tion of an existing stuff. However the term origina¬ 
tion may also have the meaning of manifestation. 

Indeed both origination and manifestation have 
the common feature of representing something that was 
formerly unperceived and became perceived after. 

k ll; ‘Or else the following other way of formulation Entities 
which are not Spirit, i.e are physical, for the advocate of 
self-origination, forthat very reason, do not originate out of 
themselves, because they exist in their own self, just as the rndivi- 
SouL Tans this example can he quoted”. 



( 162 ) 

.Therefore, a new manifestation can also be called a 
new origination. 

. It then becomes impossible for the Sankhya to 
maintain that lie is not affected by the denial of an 
identity between a cause and its effect 1 

It may be asked, how is it possible to deduce all 
these considerations of detail out of the short state¬ 
ment of Buddhapalita, since he docs not mention them * 
We answer His wordB are full of profound meaning. 
In a concise mannci they include the above-mentioned 
details When analysed they reveal their own self m 
these details We do not invent something that is not 
included in tliem, = 

XVIII THE THIRD STRICTURE OF 
bhAvaviveica ANSWERED. THE DENIAL 
* OF ONE VIEW DOES NOT IMPLY THE 
ACCEPTANCE OF THE OTHER 

1 Bhnvaviveka maintains that the repudiation of 
the Sankhya theory of causation by a mere deduction 

1 lilt "Although the denial of origination docs not ropud ate 
the mauitamer of manifestation, nevertheless by using the word 
origination m the sense of manifestation, since by the similn itv 
of non-perception before and perception after just a manifesta¬ 
tion is expressed by tho word origination, the denial is not non- 
repudiatoiy” 

* Lit "How is again this detailed analysis (vyestcvicora) attorned 
without an expression of the meaning cs it is here told 1 If 
tins is asked, then this is answered. These sentences, full of 
meaning, arc very much meaning, they are turned out 
(provrfctam) m summarising the meaning as it has been told 
and, being commented upon, they give birth to their own self, 
. the meaning as is here told, thus nothing is imagined w hioh is not 
really assumed” 




( 153 } 


involves acceptance of the opposite theory, viz. 
that cause and effect represent two different sub¬ 
stances. This is wrong, Because the converse theory 
will be again charged to the same account of the 
ffltnw opponent, not to our account 1 since we have- 
declared that we have no theory of our own. We, 
therefore, cannot be accused of contradicting our own 
principles. But if the many objections that have been 
already raised against the opponent are accrued by 
charging to his account the counterpart of our deduc¬ 
tion, we Teally will only weloeme it . 2 

The Master Buddhaplelita is a faithful adherent of 
the method of Nagarjuna. How can we possibly pro¬ 
nounce something inadvertently 8 that would give an 
opportunity to his opponent ? When a philosopher 
who denies the reality of single objects, deduces ad 
absurdtum the conception of their reality , 4 how 
can he be charged with the counterpart of this deduc¬ 
tion ? Our words are not policemen ? They cannot 
deprive us of out liberty. Words possess a power to 
express something, but they are controlled by the inten¬ 
tion 5 of the speaker. Therefore the only result of 


1 Both prasanga and tad-mparyaya are used together to prove 
the same thesis in, c.g. Sarvadars,p 21. (Poona 1924) 

1 Iat “And the more faults of the opponent are deduced 
through a deduction of the contrary of (his. So Buddha- 
pahta’s) deduction, the more desirable will it indeed be for us ” 

1 savaka^am 

‘ 4 ^it deduces ad absurdum “the mointainer of reality”, the realist 


We would expect either vivafaaya or vwak&am anu mdhiyante. 


< 15 * ; 

our deduction is to repudiate tie theory of our oppo¬ 
nent. Our acceptance of the converse theory is not 
at all therewith implied 1 

Our common Master Nagarjuna, when combating 1 
opposed opinions, has very often had recourse just to 
a deduction ad abswdwn, without ever admitting its 
positive counterpart 
EG. — 

We find nothing (called empty) Space, 

Before its essence has (here) been determined. 
If it would previously to this determination 
preexist. 

It would be Space without an essence 2 
Supposing all the causes of some matter taken off. 
And we would call it matter none the less. 

It would be matter without causes 
But nowhere without causes any matter does exist * 
This does not at all imply that Nagarjuna admitted 
the existence of caused matter 
Another example — 

Nirvana is no separate entity. 

Or else it would be subject to decay and death. 

There is no separate entity 

That never would decay and never die 4 

1 Lit “There is no accepted deduction (arthapatti) being the 
contrary of the unacceptable deduction (prasanga) ” 

2 M a , Vi It does not follow that Nagarjaoa admits the existence 
of a real space 

2 M. s , IV 3 

‘Ms, XXV. 4 If the converse conception be that of a Nirvaija 
umnananent in the world and eternal, Nagarjuna admits it op. 
ibid XXV 9 




( 155 ) 


Bhavaviveka.—But these are aphorisms . 1 The 
sentences of our Master contain profound intentions. 
They can be variously tackled 2 and give rise to a 
variety of syllogistic formulation. 

Answer. Why, to he sure, should not the com¬ 
ment of Buddhapalita which does not contain any 
syllogistic formulation be accepted just in this sense, 
as the only faithful rendering of NSgarjuna’s intention. 
(Bh&vaviveka). It is the business 3 of the writers of 
detailed commentaries to make detailed statements 
about the syllogistic formulations implied in the apho¬ 
risms. (Answer). This is not always the case Our 
Master has written a commentary upon his own 
manual of dialectics, "The Repudiation of Contests/' 
but he did not indulge in it in syllogistic formulations. 
You arc, indeed merely parading with your cle¬ 
verness in the science of dialectics Although you 
pretend to be an adherent of the Madhyamika system, 
you nevertheless compose independent syllogistic 
arguments. But for such a logician, as you would like 
to appear, the Madhyamika method is only a very 
great encumbrance. 

1 artka-vekya. 

* pankalpyante. 

3 or method, nyaya, 

* '^ U8 statement can be interpreted as an indirect indication 
that Candrakirti knew nothing about a commentary written 
upon the mula-kankas by Nagarjnna himself. It would follow 
that the work called Akutobhaya is a forgery as suggested by 
Waisilieff 



( 156 ) 

■ It makes him pile up mistake upon mistake 1 

How is that * 

XIX. EXAMINATION OE BHAVAVIVEKA’S 
FORMAL ARGUMENT AGAINST THE 
SANEHYA 

To comhat the Sankhya theory of Causality you 
have composed the following syllogism. 

(Thesis), Mental phenomena 2 , if considered from 
the transcendental standpoint of the Monist, are no 
few productions out of the same substance. 

(Reason) Because they exist 

(Example) Just as the Conscious Principle of 
the Sankhya which is an eternal unchanging 
entity 

(Major premise). Whatsoever already exists is 
not a new self-production 

Now, m this syllogism, by you so formulated, 
what is the use of the qualification “from the trans¬ 
cendental stand point of the Monist ” 8 ? 

Bhavaviveka If we take our stand on pheno- 

1 Lit, “Merely through the desire of displaying the own 
proficiency m the science of dialectics, the use of inde¬ 
pendent syllogisms (prayoga-vakya) although having accepted 
the Madhyamika system, is an mdireot indication (upalaksyate) 
of such a logician who is m a very high degree the receptacle of an 
assemblage of many mistakes”. 

2 adhyatmikany ayatanam 

® Lit “Here the syllogism which lias been thus stated, as absolute 
reality the internal bases do not anse out of self, smee they 
exist, ]ust as consciousness, what for agam in it the quali¬ 
fication “as absolute reality” has been assumed 



(157 ') 


menal reality we cannot deny origination of mental 
phenomena. If this were denied, it wold follow that 
the contrast which we assmue betwen the absolute 
thing in itself and phenomenal reality does not exist 1 . 

Answer. This is not right, because we deny the 
identity of cause and effect 2 from the phenomenal 
point of view also, It is corroborated by the following 
words of the Scripture 3 . 

“This sprout which springs up from a seed is not 
produced out of itself, neither is it produced out of non- 
Belf, nor out of both, nor without a cause. It is nei¬ 
ther created by God 4 , nor by Time, nor from the 
Atoms, nor from Primitive Matter 6 , nor by Nature, 6 ." 
Here is another text. “The sprout doesnot 
belong to the seed, neither is the seed identical with 
the sprout, nor is it non-identical It is a mani¬ 
festation of that unique Reality 7 which neither can 
be determined as anihilation®, nor as one of the 
Eternal Principles" 9 . 

Audio, this treatise the author will make the follow¬ 
ing statement., 

1 Lit “And if denied the admitted repudiation (bSdha), of 
the phenomenal by the absolute would not be entailed (read 
prasangat)” 

* «TOta utpatti 

* ®rom Salistamba-siitra, cf £iksdsamuc, p. 219. 10 ff. 

* piakrti 

* svabhava 

’ dbannata 

* tccheda. 

Such as god, tune, atom, matter, nature, etc. all with capitals. 



( IBS ) 

Whatever relativity does exist 

Is really not what it appears to be. 

But neither is it something else. 

. Therefore it neither has an end, 

Nor has it a beginning 1 , 

(Bhavaviveka). The qualification (“from the 
standpoint of transcendental reality”) has been intro¬ 
duced into the above syllogism in consideration of the 
opimon held by the opponent. 

(Answer). This is a wrong method, because we 
do not admit his construction , 8 even from the point 
of view of phenomenal reality 3 . Non-Buddhists 'are 
absolutelly lacking the right understanding of the divi¬ 
sion between both realities, the transcendental 
and phenomenal one. It is, therefore, much better 
to repudiate them, from both these standpoints. I 
would think it a great advantage. The above quali¬ 
fication is thus out of place, even if it is introduced in 
order to distinguish the view taken by the author 
from the view of the opponent or from the ideas of sim¬ 
ple people. 

As to simple people they do not understand what 
self-ongmation means For them also the qualification 

'Ms XVII, 10 pratitya-^unya-^nsvata- “beginning” op XXV. 
21 of Xafib’s solution of the first antinomy, viz that the world 
is nether finite, nor infinite because “a phenomenon does not 
oxist by itself” op, oit p 410 fi’ 

* vyavastliu 

3 It is not right to maintain that tha Srnkhya’s view of phenomenal 
reality is admissible with tho qualification that from the trans¬ 
cendental point of view it will bo an illusion 




( 159 ) 


is useless. Unsophisticated people simply admit 
that an effect is produced by a cause. They do not 
enter into suoh considerations as to whether the effect 
is identical with the cause or not. 

Our Master Nagarjuna has really established the 
same thing viz. that we must avail ourselves of the 
every day idea of causality without any hope to explain 
it metaphysically. It is, therefore, clear that the quali¬ 
fication is absolutely senseless 

XX. BHAYAYIVEKA’S ARGUMENT ASSAILED 
FROM THE STANDPOINT OF FORMAL LOGIC 

However let us agree and admit that the quali¬ 
fication might have been introduced m order to 
intimate that phenomenal causality is not denied. 
The syllogism of Bhavaviveka will then nevertheless 
he formally deficient, since its example, the Spirit, 
and its reason, the fact of “the existence” of mental 
pehnomena, will both be ultimately unreal. We will 
then have either the logical error of a faulty thesis, 
since it will refer to something (sc. the mental pheno- 
mena) which the author of the syllogism himself, 
hom his own monistic point of view does not accept 
as real , 1 or we shall have the logical error of a faulty 
reason , 2 (viz the fa ct of the existence or reality of 

1 This paisa dosa would be probabloy classified by Diganaga as 
anumana-iutakrta, op Nyayabmdu, p 59 1 (B B) VII, 

About the feraya-astddha hetu-iosa, cf Nyayabmdu, p 64 16 
The logio of Diganaga forbids deductions from facts which the 
author of the syllogism, from his own pomt of now, does not 
admit as real. op. ibid, p. 63 13 -f 


(f ICO )• 

mental phenomena) which will then refer to something 
equally unreal. * 

Indeed (Bliavavivekn) himself being a Madhya- 
mika does not admit the transcendental reahty of 
separate mental phenomena 1 * and at the same time 
he composes a syllogism about this very non-existing 
thing. 

Bhavaviveka. Tins does not matter, since we 
admit the phenomenal reality of the sense of vision 
etc. 

Answer But then, who is qualified by the words 
“from the tiansendental standpoint” ? 

Bliavavivekn If considered from the transcen¬ 
dental point of view the existence* of the phenomenal 
sense faculties 3 4 and of empirical consciousness® is not 
real 

The qualification is introduced m order to specify 
the kind of causality which is denied 

Answer Then you ought to have expressed 
yourself otherwise. You ought to have spoken exactly 
thus : “the supposed phenomenal reahty of the sense- 
faculties etc is no reality m the transcendental sense.” 

1 Lit "of the basis of the sense of vision (ofcsu-ayatnna) and other 
aubjectivo bases of cognition i e Sdhyntmika-uyatana ” 

a utpatti 

3 eaksuradi 

4 ciltc (=mtnas=vijniuin) is indicated among eaksuradi as ayatana 
cf My Central Conception p 96 




( 161 ) 

But your expression is different 1 . However, even 
supposing you would have expressed yourself properly, 
nevertheless you would not have escaped the logical 
error of a faulty thesis since it would then have referred 
to empirical sensations, i.e, something quite unknown 
to your opponent 2 . For the Sankhya indeed all 
sensations are absolutely real. He has altogether no 
nominal (or empirical) realities. 

Thus it is that the argument is wrong either from 
the standpoint of its author, for whom the separate 
mental phenomena are not real, or from the standpoint 
of those to whom it is addressed, because they do 
not a dmit any difference between phenomenal and 
absolute reality 3 . 

1 The expression that "from the transcendental standpoint the 
sensations do not use out of themselves” can be understood 
as meaning the transcendental sensations are not identical with 
their oauses But transcendental sensations do not exist from 
the momst’s point of view Hence foi him it will be a syllogism 
composed about a non-existing thing 
* Lit, p 28 1-3 “And oven if told, since the opponents admit 
exclusively a really existing faoulty of vision etc., and do not 
admit nominal realities, it will be a faculty thesis whose substra¬ 
tum will be unreal for the opponent Thus it is not right 

3 According to the logic of DignSga, a discussion must start from 
facts admitted by both parties, cp Nyayabindu, p. 62 3 Sensa¬ 
tions real in the absolute sense do not exist for the Momst 
The difference of sensations empirically real is unknown to the 
Sankhya, for him all sensations ore real Hence, accordingly as 
we take it, the syllogism of Bhavaviveka will refer either to some¬ 
thing not admitted by the respondent himself, or to something 
not admitted by his opponent. 



( 102 ) 

XXI- ANOTHER ATTEMPT OP BHAVAVIVEKA 
TO VINDICATE HIS ARGUMENT 

But be that as tlic case may, we may envisage 
the syllogism m question ns referring in general ter ms 
just to the relation between a fact, (the mental pheno¬ 
mena) and one of its characteristics, viz existence, 
without enlarging upon the special theories which 
might be entertained by both parties about the nature 
of mental phenomena or the essence of existence 
E g. when it is inferred that words are non-eternal 
the general i elation of this characteristic to the chara¬ 
cterized fact is alone referred to Indeed the work 
of inference would become quite impossible, if the 
special view entertained m different systems were 
to be taken into account. There are no two sj-stems 
which agree on the question about the nature of 
sound. If we admit with the Hinayana Buddhist that 
sound is a secondary thing or element of matter, 
dependent upon the four universal elements , 1 this will 
not be admitted by his opponent the Vaiiesika. be¬ 
cause he. on the contrary, maintains that the sound 
is a quality of ether, it is not a substance This 
again the Buddhist does not admit on his own behalf. 
Similarly when the Vaisesika undertakes it to prove 
that the woid is non-eternal, he can be asked whether 
he means the word ns a physical product, or the word 
as a manifestation of an eternally existing substance. 
The first is not admitted by lus opponent the Ml- 
jnamsaka who postulates the existence of a special 
eternal substance of which the spoken words are 


1 Cp 3Iy Central Conception. 



' ( 163 ) 

■no thing but separate manifestations. The second is 
■not accepted by the Vai&esika himself. 

The same applies mutatis mutandis to every philo¬ 
sophic issue. If you admit that the destruction of 
an object must have a cause, this will not be accepted 
by B uddhis t on his own behalf, since he maintains 
that every existence consists of discrete moments 
-which are evanescent by themselves, without a cause 1 . 
But if he alludes to uncaused invisible destruction 
going on at every moment this will not be admitted 
by his opponent, the Vai&esika. 

Therefore, just as in the case of the evanescent 
character of the sound, only the relation of this cha¬ 
racteristic to the characterized substratum, in general 
terms, is taken into account, just so in the present 
instance, the mere fact that there is some substratum 
called sensations, should be taken in general,® without 
entering into details, whether it be a phenomenal or 
an absolute existence. 

Answer—This is not so, since in the present case, 
it is just the existence of such a general substratum 
that is denied. It is denied by no one else than 
Bhavaviveka himself His avowed aim is here to 
'deny Causality However, just m denying every 
causality, he at the same time eo ipso denies its sub¬ 
stratum, the caused thing, the substance of the thing 
of the thing produced, converting it m a thing which 
owes its existence to a mere illusion. Illusion and 
reality are indeed opposites. The plunverse as it 


1 yatha-sambhavam 

2 Cp Nyayabmdu, p 33 6 fi 


( 164 ) 

appears before the unsophisticated eyes of manlrWr 
is cither logically inconsistent or it is a reality 1 . 

If it is logically inconsistent 2 , and if this plurality 
whicli is not the real condition of the universe is 
■wrongly appichcndcd by us as real, if it ib a false 
impression in the mind of the perceiver 3 , then there 
is in this plurality not the slightest bit of what is 
absolutely real 4 . But if there is no transcendental 
illusion, if it is not a mirage 8 , if we perceive a real® 

1 We find hero an eloquent expression of that genuine conviction 
very much spread, c\en in oar days, among the pundits of India 
who haio studied the various systems of their country that 
Monism is superior to all other systems by the fact of reaching the 
limit of all philosophic construction The realism of Nyiya- 
vaiiesikn and Mfmumsn, tho dualism of the Suukhja, the radical 
pluralism of HluajAna Buddhist all were engaged m constructing 
n sLelotou of the Universe oat of a limited number of ultimate 
data and have then stopped before them, ref using to go deeper 
into them and to reduce them to their still deeper root Should 
they luive embarked on a further analysis of those ultimate prin¬ 
ciples at which they had arrived thoy would have inevitably 
landed in Monism Only m Monism docs philosophic analysis 
reach its real limit yiilhu yatlm viedryate tathu talha brafimany 
eva alasmtn sarvam paryavasyali In modem philosophy os 
far as I am aware, a similar view has been taken by Ladd, 
Introd to Philos p 403 
E viparyfisa 

8 Lit "Liko non-existing Jam eto by tho ophthalmic ” 

4 sad-Vhuta-padurllta-lcia a lant at DtynRga’s ka%ana^=svtilak- 
xana—parmfirlha- and ot his claim to have vindicated phe¬ 
nomenal reality cp below text ppge 66 ft* 

8 Lit "like real hair etc by tho non-ophtholmic ” 

8 Bead bhltam, instead of abliStam 



( 165 ) 

pluriverse, not the one constructed by our imagination, 
then there is not the slightest vestige of something 
unreal in pluralism, nothing at all to justify the claim 
that a phenomenal reality has been established by 
-us 1 , 

Our venerable Master Nagarjuna has therefore 
said • 

If I did really organize some separate things, 

I could then make an affirmation or denial, 

Upon the basis of these things perceived or 

inferred. 

But these separate things do not exist for me. 

Therefore I cannot be assailed on such a 

basis 2 . 

Since it is so , since (transcendental) illusion is 
one thing and (transcendental) reality another ; since 
for the transeendentalist 3 , 

1 Lit p. 30 15 Because just when the denial of origination 
is here intended to be a charatenstic to be established, just then 
the negation of the characterised, of its substratum, which has 
reached its own existence only through an illusion, is admitted 
just by hnnself. Different are indeed illusion and non-illnBion. 
Therefore, if, owing to illusion, non-Ena is taken as Ens, just as 
by the ophthalmic (non-existmg) hair, etc then wherefrom would 
even a bit of a really existing thing be apprehended * But if 
through non-confusion, the real, non-imagmed is perceived, like 
by tbe non-ophthalxmc (real) hiux, etc then wherefrom the 
perception of even a bit of a non-really-existmg thing, so as 
then there would be phenomenalism (samvjttth) •" 

2 This stanza from the Vigraha-vyavartani has been quoted above, 
text—p 16 9. 

2 vtdvs&m, they are identified with the Gryas. 




( 106 ) 

in what lie considers to bo absolutely real, there is 
no room for non-reality, wlint is then the meaning of 
Blmvanveka’s syllogism 7 He takes the phenomenal 
visual sensations and other mental phenomena as a 
minoi term, (the subject of hiB deduction) He thus 
cannot escape fiom the criticism that his thesis is 
logically impossible, siuce it refers to a non-entity, or 
that this middle term is contradictory, because it 
appertains to an unreal substratum. The syllogism 
would be equivalent to the assertion that non-existing 
things do not arise out of themselves, because they 
exist. 

As to the analogy with the discussions about the 
nature of the woid. it does not exist In those dis¬ 
cussions there always is an agreement between every 
pair of contending view about what sound, m general, 
and what evanescence m general, are, without entering 
into details about the nature of sound 

There is no such agreement between the radical 
Relativist 1 and the non-Relativist or Realist 3 , in 
regard to what visual sensations in general are, either 
from the phenomenal or the transcendental point of 
view. For this reason the two cases are not compa¬ 
rable 

All that has been said about the logical impossi¬ 
bility of a thesis which refers to a non-entity is appli¬ 
cable mutatis mutandis as the proof of the futility 
of the conception of "existence” as a logical reason 

1 tumjala-mdin 

8 aiunyala-vadin 



( 167 ) 

XXII. BHAVAVIVEKA also avails himself 
of THE ARGUMENT THAT FOR THE MONIST 
ALL INDIVIDUAL EXISTENCE IS UNREAL 

Such is the force of this argument 1 that even 
Bhavaviveka himself, this champion of logic 2 , is- 
obhged to admit the condemnation of logic which 
we have exposed. He examines the following syllo¬ 
gism. 

Thesis. The cause and conditions which produce 
mental phenomena 8 really exist. 

Reason Because this has been declared by 
Buddha Major premise. Whatsoever has been declared 
by the Buddha is true 4 . 

Example. As eg, his statement that Nirvana, 
is Final Quiescence 

This syllogism has been advanced by a Hmayanisfc 
opponent of Bhavaviveka. He replies by the foll¬ 
owing criticism. “In what sense do you think, the? 
word ‘cause’ is here used ? Has Buddha spoken 
from the phenomenal pomt of view or from the trans¬ 
cendental one ? 6 

If it is taken in the phenomenal sense, the reason 
has (eo ipso) no ultimate reality for Buddha himself. 

1 The argument, namely tliat for a consistent Momsfc every separate 
thing and every separate reason is ultimately unreal 

2 tSrfoka 

a Sdhyatmtla-ayatana. 

4 Lit, “Indeed what and how is taught by the Bnddha to exist, it. 
is so ” 

5 paramarihatah 




( 108 ) 

But supposing it is taken m the sense of something 
transcendentally teal, then we must remember the 
following words of Nagarjuna. 

Neither an Ens, nor a non-Ens, 

Nor any Ens-non-Ens, 

No clement 1 is really “turned out”®. 

How can we then assume, 

The possibility of a producing cause * 3 

“Since causation 4 of things, whether real or 
unreal or partly real and partly unreal, is excluded, 
there is no such thing as a really efficient cause.” 
This is the meaning of the woids of Nagarjuna. 

“Therefore from the transcendental point of view 6 
there is altogether no efficient causality 0 . Every 
reason you may adduce will be either ultimately 
unreal or contradictory ” 

By adopting this line of argument against the 
ITEnayanist, Bhavaviveka lias himself admitted the 
unreality of ever)’ leason from the transcendental 
standpoint of the Relativist Thus all logical demons¬ 
trations are smashed, since m all such syllogisms 
reasons are adduced which in the opinion of the 
opponent are founded on real fact, but in the opi- 
1 dharma 
3 nirvarlyale 

3 mrvarlala 

4 sii-aszt-liryi p/alyayatva, i e , neither saASrya- nor asntlSrya- 
vSda is admitted 

B paremarlhntah 
0 mrvarlya-iitrvarlalatva 


< 169 ) 

nion of tlie Relativist himself they are all ultimately 
unreal 1 . 

In the following two syllogisms of Bhavaviveka 
the middle term must likewise be declared faulty, 
on the score that it is meaningless from the ilomst’s 
transcendental point of view. E g 

Thesis Mental phenomena 2 do not really 3 arise 
from corresponding causes, separate from them 
Reason. Because these are separate entities. 
Major premise Whatsoever is a separate sub¬ 
stance cannot really be a cause. 

Example As the causes of a jar 4 (which are not 
Teal m the absolute sense). 

Or another example. 

Thesis. The causes wh ch m the opinion of our 
opponents , 8 produce mental phenomena* are not 
understood to be causes m the absolute sense. 

Reason. Because they are separate entities 

Major premise. Whatsoever is a separate entity 
is not a cause in the absolute sense 

1 Lit, p-31 11-13 “Since thus he even himself by this method has 
admitted the unreality of the reason, theiefore m all syllogisms 
which have middle terms suggested by attributes of real entities, 
since just by themselves reasons etc, are unreal so all demon¬ 
strations are killed " 

2 ddhySlimlM-ayatana, lit “the six subjectivobases of cognition ’’ 

3 paramarihalah 

* Read ghalasya 

e lead paraih instead of pare. 

* kit “The six subjective bases of cognition, the faculty of vision 
(caksuh ) etc,” 



{ 170 ) 

Example As e.g, the threads, the loom, the 
weaver etc are not the causes of cloth from the trans¬ 
cendental point of view. 

The reason “because they are separate entities” 
is not a valid middle term, since for te author of these 
syllogisms himself it has no ultimate reality. 

Another example where Bhavaviveka implicitly 
admits that the transcendentalist has to forego usual 
logical methods, is the following one He is desirous to 
elicit that the reason given by his opponent the Sau- 
trantika, is wrong, because it represents a fact whose 
ultimate reality he, as a consequent Relativist, does not 
accept The argument of the Sautrantika runs thus 

Thesis. Internal facts 1 i e , mental phenomena 
really arise 1 e, they have a real existence. 

Reason. Because they produce purposive actions 
directed towards the same objects as our thoughts have 
been directed to. 

Major premise Whatsoever is efficient is real 8 
Bhavaviveka repudiates this conclusion by quoting 
the following parallel argument. 

Thesis. The yogi, when merged m ecstatic medi¬ 
tation perceives by his supernatural faculty of vision 
the ultimate reality, he then apprehends causation, 

motion etc. as they really are 8 . _ 

1 ailhyatmika bhavan 

~ The definition of reality ( paramdrlJia-sat) as efficiency (arlha- 
kritjU-Laritva ) is accepted by Eiguaga and Dharmalcirti, cp 
Nyaya-bmdn, p IS 15 It is nlso shared by the Sautrontikos, cp 

N b Tipp. p 19 

3 In the Santanantara-siddhi, Art 90 (B B XI), Hussion tiasL 
p 47 Dharmakirfci denies the yogi to perceive the ultimately real. 



( 171 ) 


The reason adduced is the same as in the fore¬ 
going syllogism, viz. “because they produce purposive 
actions directed to the same objects as his thoughts 
have been directed to.” In this argument, says 
Bhavaviveka, the reason does not represent a real 
fact from the transcendental point of view. 

It is moreover unreal, says he, because motion 
does not exist 1 , Since there is no real causation, motion 
cannot exist. 2 ” 

Now this method by which Bhavaviveka here 
combats the argument of his opponent can be mutatis 
mutandis applied to his own deductions which he pro¬ 
duced bonafide, viz., 

Thesis. The future does not exist in an absolute 
sense® 

Reason. Because it represents time 4 . 

1 In Hfnayana, motion is denied (na gahr naiat, Ab Ko£a IV 1) 

since it represents in reality a serial of separate momentary 
productions (mrantara-ulpada), as in a cinema In Mahayana, 
motion is denied because all the moments are relative ( svabhava 
diinya) * 

2 Lit—p, 32 3 7 “Just as he has said when eliciting the unreality 
(amddharthata) of this reason given by an opponent, viz “internal 
facts, (bhavfih) arc necessarily (eva) produced, since they produce 
actions characterised as possessing their objectsnow it is being 
proved that for the meditating Yogi who by his eye of wisdom 
sees the real path of existence ( bhaw-yathalmya ) origination, 
motion etc exist in the absolute sense (paramdrthalah), then 
there is unreality of the reason, because they produce actions 
characterised as possessing their objects, and motion is denied 
just because origination is denied" 

s Lit “The not-run is not at ail being run in the absolute sense.” 

4 adhmn 




( 172 ) 

Example Just as tlie past time does not exist. 

Major premise Whatsoever is “time” does not 
represent an ultimate reality 

To this syllogism we may likewise apply the 
structure that the reason “time” represents nothing 
real to the author of the syllogism himself 

The student will he now able himself to extend 
the critique here expounded upon the unreality of the 
reason adduced by Bhavaviveka m the following three 
syllogisms 1 Thesis The operating ^ense of vision 
does not perceive colour 

Reason Because it is a sense of vision in general 

Example Just as a non-operating 8 sense of 
•vision always is 

Major premise Whatsoever is a sense of vision 
does not necessarily perceive colour 3 . 

1 read sibhagim, instead of sBSrayim Sabhaga ^sva-lai ma-lrt, 

cp A Koga, 1—39 

2 tatsabhugn—a-sva-Larma-lff, op Ab Kola 1 39 

■3 por the momst, according to Condrakfrti, it would have been 
sufficient to deny a real perception of colour on the score that all 
separate facts have no ultimate reality for a consequent Momst, 
or only a second hand reality (paratantra) for a Yogacora, cp 
above p 33 But Bhavaviveka apparently tries to eonoborate 
this view by something like a formally correct syllogism Ho 
seemingly has detected in the judgment “the eye is a colour- 
perceiving organ” the same contradiction as really appears if 
the copula bo token in the sense of an equation The eye thus 
does not perceive colour because it does not always perceive it, 
perception is not its essence ( svabhava ) as c g the quality of being 
resistant is tho essence of the hard stuff 



( 173 ) 

2. Thesis. The organ of vision does not apprehend 
colours 

Reason Because it is physical 1 . 

Example. Just as any physical object 2 , e.g a 
jar etc. 

Major premise. Whatsoever is physical does not 
apprehend colours 8 . 

3. Thesis. The solid bodies 4 do not really possess 
solidity. 

Reason Because they represent Matter®. 
Example. Just as the gaseous bodies. 

Major premise Whatsoever is Matter is not 
always a sobd body®. 

1 bhauhLa 

3 rupa, the first ru,pa=thc r&pa-ayatana, the second probably— 
rCipa-sLandha 

3 Here Bhavoviveka has recourse to an idea of the Nyaya-Vai£esika 
school [bhmli&fim mi dnydm) m order to undermine the fact 
that colours arc perceived through the eye. According to 
Candrakitti this is quite superfluous foi a believer m Universal 
Relativity (iunyala—mlisoabliavata,), and moreover constitutes 
a xault in formal logic, since the reason, the physical character 
(bhauitka) of tho organ has no real force fcom the point of view 
of the author of the syllogism, it is asiddha svalah 

4 malA—prithwl, cp my Central Conception p. 13 

5 bhiila =» mnhd-bhTUa- op , tbiA. 99, 

3 Solidity ( kharatva ) is the essence, lalsana of the solid bodies 
All tho work of predication being relative, it can, from this point 
of view, bo maintained that the solid body is not sobd, sc is not 
soil l by itself, but only m relation to others This is a cose of the 
lal Bana-inlisvab/idvata or simyata, cp Trimfiika- p. 32 For 
Candra-kirti, it is enough to point out this general conception in 
order to establish tho relativity and consequent unreality of the 




( 174 ) 


XXIII. ANOTHER FORMAL ERROR IN THE 
SYLLOGISM OP BHAVAVTVEKA 
Moreover the reason “because they (sc mental 
.phenomena) exist 5,1 is uncertain from the standpoint 
of the opponent (The syllogism of Bhavaviveka is 
directed against the S&nkhya who admits a double 
land of existence, the eternal, changeless existence of 
the Spirit and the changing existence of Matter It 
is therefore uncertain) whether the words “mental 
phenomena do not arise out of themselves because 
they already exist” mean that they exist eternally 2 
like the Spirit 3 , or whether the words “because 
they already exist” refer to that kind of origination 
which is exemplified by the origination of jars and 
other physical existence in general, an origination 
which represents a change in a permanent stuff, since 
according to this system mental changes are m them¬ 
selves physical 4 . 

idea of a solid stuff Bat Bhivavivoka wishes apparently to 
construct a formal syllogism on the same basis as the first one 
i e, he finds a contradiction in the sentence” a solid stuff is a 
stuff” on the score that thore arc stuffs that are liquid nnd 
gaseous These tliroe syllogisms are celebrated among the 
Tibetan schoolmen as baffling arguments establishing Bclativity 
(iunyata) according to the system of the Svatantnkas founded 
by Bhavaviveka 

1 Cp above, p 26 1 sallval=vtdyamanalvat 

3 it "should not arise,” l e not ohange The Spirit of the 
Sankhya is changeless 
3 caitanya 

-* Lit p. 33 4- 6 “Bsoause they exist, this reason is uncertain, 
whot * should the (six) internal bases (of cognition), bcoonse 
they exist like the Spirit not nuse out of self, or like jars eto , 
they should ansc out of a Bolf 



( 1V5 ) 


It may be objected (that the adduced example, the 
identity of matter m physical objects) like jars etc., is 
a petitio pnncipn 1 and therefore the argument is 
not uncertain, but -wrong 2 . However this is not so, 
because the argument is stated not in conformity with 
our view, but from the standpoint of the Sankhya, 
where mental phenomena mdeed have a double nature, 
they are physical in themselves and at the same time, 
they are the reflection of the eternal changeless Spirit. 

XXIV. THE MADHYAMIKA REPUDIATES HIS 
OPPONENT ON PRINCIPLES ADMITTED 
AS VALID BY THE SAME OPPONENT 

But it may be objected that our own argument 
will then be liable to just the same criticism which 
we apply to the arguments of our opponents AH 
our arguments will be also wrong, because the reasons 
which will be adduced will either be non-entities, 
themselves, or they will represent something apper¬ 
taining to a non-entity. When both parties are guilty 
of the same fault, it cannot be charged to the account 
of one of them alone. All this our attack on logic 
will thus become unfounded 

To this we reply. This objection affects only 
those who, being Madhyamikas. nevertheless, like 
Bhavaviveka, have recourse to bonajide arguments 3 . 
But we do not resort to direct proof by syllogism. 
Our arguments can have only the re sult of repudiating 
1 sadhy-sama ~ ~ 

a not anaxlantika, but astddha, cp Nyaynbradn. p. 62, 

* Matanlra-anwndna 



( 176 ) 

tlie tenet® of our opponents, for us they are not valid 
by themselves. 

Supposing some one maintains that the eye per¬ 
ceives external objects He will then be rep udia ted 
on principles which he himself admits You maintain , 
he will be told, that the eye lacks the capacity of 
introspection 1 which, m your opinion, is invariably 
concomitant with the capacity of apprehending 
external objects 

How, we will assail it by a counter argument 

Major premise. Wheresoever introspection is ab¬ 
sent, cognition of external objects is also absent. 

Example e g , in physical objects like jars etc. 

Minor premise The eye lacks the capacity of 
introspection, it is physical 

Therefore it cannot cognise external objects 

Thus it is that the perception of an external 
object like a patch of blue colour is m conflict with 
the fact that the eye itself is deficient in self-percep¬ 
tion This contradiction in the argument of our 
opponent has been disclosed by another argument 
which is valid fioin the standpoint of the opponent 
himself 

This alone is elicited by our syllogism How is 
then the above mentioned accusation possible * How 
can it be maintained that our deduction contains the 
same flaw which we have found m the argument of 
our opponent 1 


1 svatni'i-itdariana-dfiarma 



( 177 ) 

XXV. LOGICAL REFUTATION ON THE BASIS 
OF FACTS ADMITTED BY ONLY ONE PARTY 

Bhavaviveka. It is true that for us Monists all 
individual facts possess no reality. However a dis¬ 
cussion is possible even then when an argument is 
combated on the basis of a principle admitted by one 
of the parties 

Answer. Yes, but it must be done on the basis 
of piinciples admitted by yourself, not on the basis 
of principles admitted by your opponent. 

This 1 is what happens in everyday life. Indeed, 
sometimes in common life two contending parties 
appoint somebody to judge them, and according to 
his verdict the gam or the loss is settled. Some¬ 
times the disputant himself declares that he has won 
or lost But never is this question of gam and loss 
to be settled by the enemy What is good in common 
life is equally right m logic, because scientific logic 
is exclusively concerned with an examination of the 
principles which underlie purposive action in common 
life®. 

For this very reason some logicians have main¬ 
tained that an argument cannot be exploded on the 
basis of the principle admitted by the oppo nent, 
because it is just these principles, by him admitted, 
that it is intended to reject. 

Of course, Dignaga thinks that a demonstration 
or a refutation can he valid, if it is carried on 
principles admittted by both parties, not by one of 


1 Read evam instead of eva p. 35.1 

2 Op text and Nyfiyabindu p. 3.5. 



( 178 ) 

them only 1 . If admitted by one of them only, it 
will be inconclusive. But even he must make 
allowance for the just mentioned method pre¬ 
vailing in common life and admit the validity of 
arguments which start from principles admitted only 
by one party. 

Indeed he admits that when discussions are going 
on about religious matters, you cannot repudiate the 
Scriptures adopted by your opponent on the basis 
of some other Scriptures which would be adopted by 
both parties As to individual judgments 8 which 
are going on in every man’s consciousness, they are 
guided exclusively by what people themselves think 
right, not by what both parties, a respondent and his 
possible opponent, may agree upon 

Therefore the standpoint of strict logic is to no 
purpose. The Buddhas have favoured their converts, 
who were not versed in the science of logic, with 
arguments which suited the oooasion Enough about 
this subject Let us continue our comment 

XXVI DENIAL OF CAUSALITY THROUGH 
A SEPARATE SUBSTANCE 

Neither do entities arise out of something di¬ 
fferent from them just because from the monistic 
point of view the different does not exist 3 This 
1 Ibid m 58. (p 62). 

" svarthanujnana corresponds to our judgement, it includes every 
cognition which is not a direct passive sense perception 
3 or-“]ust because entities do not exist m something else (~para- 
snun abhdvad eva)" as e g., the cloth m the threads, the jar in 
the clay etc 


t t* 



( 179 ) 


point will be elicited later on 1 , when it wll be ex¬ 
pressed that “what belongs to the things themselves, 
their own essence, does not belong to their causes 
and (conditions) 2 ” 

Therefore, just because they do not pre-exist 
in something else, they cannot be produced out of it. 
Moreover the impossibility of a substantial break® 
'between cause and effect can also be established on 
the lines which we have laid down in our “Introduc- 
.tion to the Midhyamika System” where it is said 4 , 

If, to be sure, a thing were “other” in 
regard to causes, 

Deep darkness would then be produced 
from light 5 

Then surely everything could be produced 
out of anything, 

Since “otherness” is just the same in 
causes and non-causes. 6 

1 op aphorism 1, 3 

3 Lit 36, 4 “The own existence, (avabhaia), of entities (bha- 
vanam) is not found in then condition, etc “cp mfia 13 
This is the YaiSesika view, the doth is something different from 
the sum total of the threads, the ]ar something over and above 
the sum total of the atoms of clay, etc , 

3 parata utpattih, 36. 10 

4 Hadhy av , VI14 

4 causality is understood as a regularity of suoceession, the 
day will be the cause of the following night and night would 
produce the following day, a question that has been often dis- 
cussed in European philosophy. 

Among nil considerations which tend to undermine our usual 
conceptions of causation tins one is considered by the Tibetans to 

' b « the strongest, they say it is as sohd as diamond 


( 180 ) 


The Master Buddhapahta comments, “entities 
cannot arise out of something essentially different 
from them, since it would follow that everything 
could arise out of anything ” 

The Master Bhavaviveka assails this comments 
“It is nonsense. He says, because the argument con¬ 
tains its own destruction, 1 smce (1) it is mere deductio 
ad absurdum, (2) it conflicts with the point previously 
established. Indeed in taking the counteipart of the 
leason and of the predicate we will have the following 
argument, “since everything must arise out of some¬ 
thing and the origination out of non-self is rejected, 
entities must then arise either out of themselves or 
out of self and non-self combined, or without a cause, 
otherwise (really) everything would arise out of any¬ 
thing” 

It is not nonsense*. We have shown above that 
a deduetto ad absuidum is a valid proof As to the 
accusation that Buddhapahta m confntmg the tenet 
of his opponent 3 has indirectly invalidated his 
own 4 previously established point, it is trivial 6 
We will not again take pains to refute this 

1 p 37 2 read sddhani-dusanantah i e ily asya sadhanasya 
dusana 

2 p. 37 4 lead with the Tibetan asamgaturtJiam nast i. 

* The VaiSesika who maintains parata vlpattt 

4 so paradusatiena smdusanantahpalitam 

6 Lit. p 37 4-7 “And that he has fallen into a refutation by 
by refuting the thesis of the opponent, this is anything but 
truth ” i.o , by denying causation between independent sub¬ 
stances Buddhapahta has mdireotly admitted causation out or 
the same substance , this argument is worth nothing 



( 181 ) 

XXVII COMBINED CAUSALITY DENIED 

Neither do the entities arise out of both (a con¬ 
tinuant stuff and separate factors,) since all the in¬ 
congruity attaching to each of these hypotheses 
separately will then attach to their combination. 

But then both causes may perhaps work alter¬ 
nately, not simultaneously ? No 2 since if they are 
not fit to produce something separately, (they neither 
will be fit to produce something alternately). Indeed 
it will be stated later on that— 

The world 1 could be a product. 

From a double set of causes, 

If separately they were efficient. 2 

XXYIII NO PLURALISTIC UNIVERSE WITH¬ 
OUT CAUSATION 

But neither can the separate entities of this 
world arise without a cause. The incongruities 
which would follow on such an assumption will be 
pointed out later on, where it will be said. 

If there be no causation, 

All difference will vanish 
Between a cause and its effect. 8 . 

In our Introduction to the Hadhyamika System, 
we have also indicated the following incongruity. 
Nothing at all could we perceive 
In a universe devoid of causes. 

It would be like the colour and the scent. 

__ Of a lotus growin g in the sky, 4 

1 duhlha 

2 M s , 531 9. 

* VIII 4 

4 M av., VI100. 



( 182 ) 


The Master Buddhapalita comments “Entities, 
says he, “neither can arise without a cause, since every 
thing would then be possible at any time, and in any 
place ” 

This also has been assailed by Bliavaviveka. 
He Bays, “this is again a mere deduetto ad absuidum, 
and it can be turned into the contrary, if the meaning 
of the argument be disclosed by taking the counter¬ 
part of the reason and of the predicate You say 
"entities are not without a cause, since otherwise 
everything could appear at any time and at any 
place.” I say, “entities must have a cause, since 
everything springs up at a definite time and m a 
definite place, and because as experience proves 
efficient causes produce new result ” Therefore the 
comment of Buddhapalita on this point is wrong, 
because it contains the same nus-conception as his 
comment on the foregoing points 

As opponents 1 we will repeat that this criticism 
misses the mark Its refutation has been made above 

XXIX CAUSALITY THROUGH THE WILL OF 

GOD 

It may be supposed that this critique of the usual- 
notion of causality is intended in order to introduce 
God or similar transcendental supreme cause But 
this is also impossible, because God must be included 
in one of the alternatives discussed, according to the 
idea we entertain about his essence He is either 


1 The same use of the term apara as above text p 96 


( 183 ) 

imm anent, in the world, or transcends it, or he is both 
simultaneously immanent and transcendent. 

Thus it is established that there is no causality' 
in the ultimate sense. The dependent Origination 
(or Relativity) with its eight characteristics of no real 
origination etc. is thus established. 

XXX MAHAYANA AM) HINAYANA 
CONTRASTED 

An objection is here raised by the Hinayanist. 
If it is so, he says, if your interpretation of the prin¬ 
ciple of Dependent Origination as a principle of Rela¬ 
tivity involving that there is no real Causality is 
correct, how are the deliverances of Buddha to be 
explained which run against such a theory. Indeed 
it has been declared, 

(1) "The forces 1 of life are influenced in this 
world by’ illusion and desire. When illusion 
and all desires have been suppressed in 
Nirvana, these forces are extinct,” 2 This 
snggsste the reality of the force of illusion 
and of Nirvana. 

1 samskara. 

* This is the abridged formula of p ralilya-samuipuda as applied to 
the development of an individual life m 12 consecutive stages, tie 
so called prSlsarsila or avasthtka pratitya-samulpada. Its first 
part corresponds to the direct order (anuloma) o f the members, 
its second port to their reversed (prahloma) order. This abrid¬ 
gement clearly reveals the simple meaning of the formula as 
it is understood m all Buddhist countries. Op. O Rosengerg, 
rPobleme, oh XVi and my Central Conception, p. 28 nS. 


( 184 ) 

(2) All elements 1 of life. 

They all appear and disappear; 

As soon as they appear they vanish. 

Their final stoppage is the only bliss 
And further:— 

(3) "Whether some elements of existence have 
appeared or whether they have not appeared, 
■there is, according to the teaching of the 
Jluddhns no controlling conscious Agent who 
makes them cither appear or not appear, 
remains unchallenged just this eternal 
essence of what the elements really are, 
(their causal interconnection )” 2 

1 snm ilnra for samslrta-dharma 

~ This is the celebrated formula of pralTti/a-*amvtpfhla in its 
generalised Bense ns gi\en in the gnlistambn-sulrn, it is very 
■often quoted, cp references in M de la V P ’s text edition, 
■p. 40 n 1. The second tathagalCmSm must be dropped and 
the first understood with M5dhn\ficSrja, sarvadorS p 41 8 
in the sense of tathaqalGnSm mate Lit “whether according to 
tho Buddhas the tlfiannas originate or if the} do not originate, 
this their essence necessarily stands”. The notion of causality, 
«is uell ns the idea of a gradual evolution by karma, of the world 
towards Nirvana, the absence in this process of any controlling 
conscious Will, all this is included in the connotation of the term 
■dharma itself Therefore dJtarma as an clement of existence and 
■dharmi as the doctrine about these dements are expressed by 
the same word The formula is found in Hfnayfinistic as well as 
in MahSyunistic literature MSdliavacuryn, borrowing from some 
Buddhist source, gives it a Hluuyamat interpretation ( tlhartna- 
■nam kSrya-larana-rGpSnfim) Candraldrti takes it ns a com¬ 
prehensive formula admitting both doctrines, it very w ell suits 
Jus aim m this plaoe, srnoe he wishes to establish that tLe HinayS- 




( 186 ) 


^4) “There is one fundamental law 1 for the 
subsistence of living beings, that is their 
fourfold nutrition ” 

(5) “There are two mental elements 8 which 
protect the world, humility and the sense 
of justice.” 

mat view is the simpler one and the Muhayanist the deeper one. 
In Asfcas PrajSap p. 573 21 ff and m Bodbicaryav. t ed IX 
150 it is given a Mahayamst interpretation as a denial of Caosaticn 
and of plurality The meaning of the formula may then he 
freely rendered thus "Whether we, with the Htaayanists, 
decide that according to the teaching of the Buddhas there is a 
causality between the separate elements of existence or wLether 
we, with the Mahayamsts, decide that there is nose, the eterr al 
essence of elements stands as a unity” At the tune when the 
theory of a Mrana-helu was established in the Ahhidlaima, 
this theory which implies a universal link of a special causality 
between all the elements of the Universe, past, present and future, 
at that time the Mahayamstic Monism was already foreshadowed 
1 Here dharma is not used in the BuddhiBt technical sense of an 
element It is not one oi the 75 dharmas The conception of 
food as an abstract principle of keeping life goirg is inLented from 
the Upanishads (cp Jacob, Concordance, s v anna.) The focd 
is physical in the realms of gross bodies It is spiritual, consis¬ 
ting of sensations (spar&a), volitions, (cetana)andconsciocsreis 
(vqnana) in tbe mystical worlds of the real bodies and pure 
spirits 

"* Here dharma is used in the technical sense, since hri and apalrapd 
are included in the 75 dharmas. The prominence given to these 
moral forces ( samslSras ) is natural, since the reverse of them, 
irreverence and indifference for injustice, are supposed to be the 
deepest root of every immoral deed, op My Central Conception p 
101. 102. Their definition is a shade diflerent m the Tnmsika 
p. 27. 



( 186 ) 


(6) "There is a descent from another world in 
to this one, and a departure from thiB one 
into another one ” x 

Thus it is clear that Buddha has taught a prin¬ 
ciple of Dependent Origination which is not incom¬ 
patible with the disappearing of some things and the 
appearing of others How can you assert that it 
does not interfeic with your principle of Relativity 3 * 

It is just for this reason, because Scripture men¬ 
tions a principle of Dependent Origination meaning 
that some elements disappear (when others appear), 
it is for tins very reason that our Master Nagarjuna 
has composed this Treatise on Relativity, in order to 
show the difference between the real and the conven¬ 
tional meaning of the Scripture All the above 
utterances which mention a principle of Dependent 
Origination along with real causation do not refer to 
the pure essence of the objects winch reveals itself 
when the darkness of our ignorance in philosophy is 
dispelled 3 On the contiary, it refers to that condi¬ 
tion of the world which reveals itself to the mental 
eyes 4 whose vision is vitiated by the darkness of 
illusion 

There are other utterances of Buddha which, on 
the contrary, refer to the absolute reality: 

1 i e , first of all, out of this would into one of the mystic one. 
For the identification of all tlieso quotations cp. the notes of M. 
de la V to his edition 

* Bead vtrudhyate instead of «z mdhyatc 

s Bead Bsrava (sc vigata Bsrava) instead of anasrava. 

* Mati-iiayana=prajBa~calsu?i 



{ 187 ) 

1. “The paramount Reality, Brethren, is- 
Nirvana, it is not a clandestine Reality 1 
All the combined forces of phenomenal 
hfe are illusions ” 

2 There is in this world, neither Reality, 
nor the absence of Illusion. It is surrep¬ 
titious Reality, it is cancelled Reality, it 
is a he, childish babble, an Illusion ” 
Further, 

All matter is a piece of foam, all feeling is a 

babble. 

A mirage all ideas are, a (hollow) plantain 

trunk the forces, 

The snnlike Buddha has declared 
(All) consciousness is but illusion. 2 
Attentive, mindful day and night, 

The recluse full of courage, 

By contemplating (separate) elements, 3 
Should penetrate into Quiescence, 

The bliss where all the energies repose 
6 “Because all elements that are active in 
the process of hfe contain nothing real, 
Plurality is an illusion. 1 ” 

1 "Tho olomcnt having the characteristic of not being some Btolen 
„ good,” l e the nonrolative 

* This stanza is found in Samyulta N III 142 where the illusion 
regarding the 6 skandhaB must lie understood as referring to 
the theory of jmdgala^nairalmya Here evidently Candraklrti 
takes it as referring to tho theory of dharma-naiTatmya 

* dharma=samslrla-<lharina=samshdra 

4 A very frequent proposition rsfening to the theoiy of dharma- 
wnratmya 




( 188 ) 


XXXI THE DIRECT AND INDIRECT MEANING 
OE BUDDHA’S WORDS 

Eor the sake of those, who, having no thorough 
knowledge of the intention oontamed in the different 
utterances of Buddha, fall into doubt whether a parti¬ 
cular expression refers to the absolute troth or whether 
it does depart from it with a special intention, and 
for the sake of those who, owing to their slow wits, 
mistake a metaphoncal expression for the real in¬ 
tention ; for the sake of both thcBC classes of men 
needing instruction is this treatise composed, m order 
to dispel doubt and misconception by the way of 
argument and references to Sciipture 

The arguments have been exposed above m com¬ 
menting upon the aphorism “entities do not arise out 
of themselves ” 

The Scriptural xefcrences are given by Nagarjuna 
in the following chapters, eg 

The stolen goods are of no use, 

This has been Baid by Buddha, 

And all the forces in this world 
Are stolen goods, They are illusion 1 

And further, 

This world has neither beginning nor an end. 
We do not see its first extremity 
The great ascetic has declared, 

It has no first, it has no last 2 


i Ms XIII 1 
* Ms XI 1 



( 189 ) 


And. further, 

When speaking to Katyayana, the Buddha 

did elicit. 

What is existence, non-existence what ? 

He then denied both issues, 

The possibility of affirmation and negation 1 
In these and similar aphorisms of Nagarjuna 
Scripture is quoted. 

Some supplementary scriptural evidence is here 
appended In the discourse with Aksayamati we 
find the following statement. “What are the scrip¬ 
tural texts which have a conventional meaning, and 
what are those which have a direct meaning ? Those 
discourses which have been delivered in order to teach 
the path of salvation are metaphorically expressed 
Those discourses which are delivered in order to teach 
the Final Result are expressed with precision. Where¬ 
soever you find a text specifying the entrance into 
That kmd of Final Deliverance which is Relativity, 
where there is no separate object, no profound medi¬ 
tation, no volition, no birth, no causation, no exis¬ 
tence, no Ego, no living creatures, no indmdial Soul, 
no personality and no Lord—they are called texts 
having direct meamng This, 0 Reverend Sanputra, 
is called keeping to the precise meamng of the Scrip¬ 
ture and not to their metaphorical • expressions”. 

Further it is stated in the SamSdhirajasutra, 
A man who knows the difference 
Of the precise meamng of Scripture, 

1 Ms XV. 7 


( 190 ) 


Knows in wliat sense the Relativity 1 
Has been conceived by Buddha 
When on the contrary, the personality. 

The Being, the Spiritual Self are spoken of, 
He knows that all the elements are then 
Conventionally taken 

Therefore, in order to show that the doctrine which 
-admits causality etc is a wrong doctrine, our Master 
Nagarjuna has -undertaken to reconsider the doctrine 
of Dependent Origination. 

XXXII HOW IS THE MORAL LAW TO BE 
VINDICATED IN AN UNREAL WORLD 
Now. the following objection will eventually be 
made If the Master has composed this treatise m 
order to prove that there is no real causation and 
that the plurality of the elements of hfe is a mere 
illusion, then, considering that what is an illusion does 
not really exist, it will follow that wicked actions do 
not exist and if they do not exist, neither do miser¬ 
able lives exist, nor any virtuous actions are possible, 
and without them no happy hfe Without the happy 
and unhappy lives, there will be no phenomenal world 2 
and thus all endeavours towards a better life will be 
absolutely fruitless We answer We teach the illu¬ 
sion of existence as an antidote against the obstinate 
belief of common mankind m the reality of this world, 
we teach its realtive truth. But for the Saints, 3 
there is no need for that They have reached the goal. 

1 i&nyala 

2 santsanr 
•* arya 



( 191 ) 


They apprehend no plurality, nothing that could be 
illusion or non-illusion. And when a man has thoro- 
<oughly realised the pluralistic illusion of all separate 
entities, there is for him no Moral Law. How can 
there be any virtuous actions for him, or any pheno¬ 
menal life ? The question whether an entity exists 
or does not exist will never occur to him 

Accordingly Buddha has declared in the “Rat- 
nakuta Discourse”, 0 Katyapa, if we search for 
consciousness we do not find it What is not to he 
found is not to be perceived What is not to be per¬ 
ceived is neither past, nor future, nor present. What 
is neither past, nor future, nor present has no separate 
reahty 1 What has no reality has no causation 
What is uncaused cannot disappear. But an ordinary 
man follows wrong views. He does not reahze the 
illusive character of separate elements He obsti¬ 
nately thinks that the contingent entities have a 
reahty of their own Swayed by this inveterate 
behef m the reahty of separate things, 2 he takes ac¬ 
tion. 3 and as consequence of this he migrates through 
this phenomenal world. As long as he takes his stand 
■on such confusion, he is not fit to attain Nirvana.” 

But although the reahty of these separate entities 
is an illusion, they nevertheless can produce either 
moral defilement or purification, just as the magical 
apparition of a beauty inspires passion to those who 
1 svabhavatah 

* idimwlya-abhimveia, l o regards the dhanms as real. 

3 lartna, technically it means that blind biotic forces ( karma ) 
o Iterate, seemingly thiougb him 



( 192 ) 


have not realized her nature, and just as a vision evoked 
by the Buddha is a cause of moral purification for 
those who have practised the roots of virtue 

This is stated in the “Discourse with the 
Didhaiaya” “It is similar, o noble son, to somebody 
watching a magical show. He contemplates the vision 
of a pretty woman and his heart fills with passion. 
Feeling shy before the audience, he gets up from his 
seat and disappears After having left, he tries 
to persuade himself that the woman was ugly, that 
it is even no real personality, but an assemblage 
of elements impermanent, disquieting and illusive 
etc" 

The following is stated in the Vmaya “An. 
engineer 1 mi gh t constiuct a mechanical doll with the 
form of a beautiful young woman It was not a 
real woman, but the workmanship was bo perfect 
that it appeared as a real beauty, and an artist painter 
really fell m love with it. Just so it is that phenomena, 
although having no separate reality of their own r 
are nevertheless efficient producers either of moral 
pollution or moral purification for simple people 

We find in the Ratnakutasutra 2 the following 
story “At that time there were five hundred monks 
who did not understand the preaching of the Buddha 
They did not go deep into it They had no fervour 
for it They then stood up from their seats and went 
away The Buddha on this occasion produced a 
magical vision of two recluses on the pat h by which 

1 yantro-kfira 

2 Cp-Waasiliew, p 157. 



( 193 } 


the monks were receding. The five hundred monks 
then reached the place where the two apparitional 
recluses were standing. Having met them they 
spoke unto them. “Where are both the Beverend 
Bathers going." 1 The magical monks answered. 
“We are retiring to the woods. There we will lire 
enjoying the delightful feeling of trance. We cannot 
penetrate the doctrine taught by the Buddha, we 
cannot go deep into it. We feel no devotion, we fear 
it. we are trembling before it." Then the five hun¬ 
dred monks spoke. “Neither we can penetrate into 
the doctrine taught by the Buddha, nor canwe go deep 
into it. nor are we devoted to it. We fear, we tremble, 
we have got quite in a tremble. Therefore we too 
will go to the woods and live there enjoying the de¬ 
lightful feelin g of trance.” The magical monks spoke. 
“Therefore. O Beverend ones, we shall be united, we 
shall not quarrel. Above all duties for the monk, 
not to quarrel is the paramount.” What do the 
Beverend ones think to get rid of* i They answered. 
“We think to get rid of covetousness, of hatred and 
of infatuation/' The two magical monks spoke. “But 
are the Beverend ones really possessed of covetousness, 
hatred and infatuation which they want to forsake V’ 
They answered. “They are not to be perceived, 
neither in ns internally, nor in the things externally, 
nor in the space between both. JTor can they indeed 
arise without having been imagined.” The magical 
monks spoke. '"Therefore, 0 Beverend ones, do not* 
imagine them, do not fancy them. And if the Bever¬ 
end ones will not imagine, will not fancy them, they 
will neither love nor hate. The man who neither loves 



( 194 ) 


nor hates, is called dispassionate. Merit, 0 Reverend 
ones, neither migrates, nor finally disappears. Trance, 
Wisdom, Deliverance, the intellectual awakening 
of the first glimpse of Nirvana 1 -they do not migrate, 
nor do they disappear, they are the elements, O Re¬ 
verend ones, through which Nirvana is suggested. But 
un themselves, O Reverend ones, these elements are also 
relative, 2 they have no essence You must forget, 
0 Reverend ones, even the idea of a separate Final 
Nirvana. Do not produoe conceptions about what 
is only an idea For him who very much thinks 
about an idea as an idea, this idea becomes a prison. 
D Reverend ones you must enter that mystic condition 
vhere all concepts and all feelings are extinct. We tell 
pou that a recluse who is merged in such a trance has 
reached the climax after which no further progress is 
possible ” After that these five hundred recluses 
got their mirirlR delivered from all bonds, even from 
iis passiona te bonds. Having got their minds thus 
snlightened, they approached the place where the 
Buddha was dwelling After having approached, they 
laluted the feet of the Lord in touching the ground 
vith their heads and sat aside.” 

“The Reverend Subhuti then spoke to the recluses 
ihus. “O Brethren, where did you go, whereform 
ire you coming ®” They answered. “O Reverend 
lubhflti, the system taught by the Lord does not 
illow for moving to some place nor for coming from 
lome places.” Subhuti spoke. “Who is your tea- 


1 vimukti-jnana-dariana 

a £unya 


( 195 ) 

-cher?” They answered. "That one who never was 
-born'and never will disappear." 1 He asked “In 
what spirit has philosophy been tanght to you ?” 
They answered. "The goal was neither Bondage 
nor was it Deliverance.” He asked. "Who has 
drilled you 1 ” They answered “That one who 
neither has a body nor a mind.” He asked. "What 
ttos the method of your preparation. They answered. 
“Neither that of foregoing ignorance nor that of 
acquiring knowledge,” He aksed. “Whose dis- 
•ciples are you?” They answered. “Of that one 
■who has not reached Nirvana.’,” who has not attained 
the Supreme Enlightenment.” He asked. "Who 
are your fellow disciples *” They answered. “Those 
who never appear in one of the three planes of exis¬ 
tence.” He asked. “O Brethren, how long will it 
take you to reach Supreme Nirvana ? They answered. 
"“We will have reached it when all the magical bodies 
created by The Buddhas will vanish.” He asked. 
“How have you reached the goal *” They answered. 
"By analysing the idea of Self and the idea of Mine.” 
He asked. “How have you got rid of passions *’*' 
They answered. “By the utter annihilation of all 
the elements of life.” He asked. “How have you 
challenged the Tempter?” They answered. "By 
.disregarding the tempter who is inherent in the 
elements of our individuality,.” He asked. “How 
have you been communicating with your Teacher ?” 
They answered. "Neither bodily, nor vocally, nor 

1 panmnasyatt. These denials evidently refer to the HmaySmstic 
conceptions of Nirvan a. ' 



( 196 ) 

mentally.” He asked 5 . “How liave you discharged 
your charity obligations *** They answered By 
taking nothing, by receiving nothing,” He asked. 
“How have you escaped rebirth ? ” They answeied 
“By evading both annihilation and eternity.” He 
asked “How have you reached the goal of charity 
They answered, “By being absolutely averse to 
every property ” He asked What are you going in 
for t ” They answered “We are going in for the same 
aim as all appantional existences created by Buddha 55 

“During this meeting when Subhfiti was starting 
questions and the recluses giving answers, 800 monk s 
got rid even of their dispassionate bonds 1 and 32000 
men had their spiritual eyes cleared of all dust and 
filth, with regard to the reality of all elements of life.” 

Thus it is that the two magical apparitions which 
Jiad no real existence, which were magically created 
by the Buddha have laid down the foundation for the 
purification of five hundred recluses 
. It is also declared m the Vajraman$adliaram,. a 
Thus it is, 0 Manjutri, that and conditioned by an 
effort of a man’s hand by a piece of wood and by attri¬ 
tion, smoke appears, and fire appears But this 
conflagration is neither m the piece of wood, nor in 
the attrition, nor is it included in the effort of the 
hands Even so it is, 0 Manju^ii, that in the indi¬ 
viduality called man one feels bewildered by an illu¬ 
sive unreality The conflagration of lust, the con- 
flagrati on of hatred and the conflagration of infatua- 

—'T'x e they became ary as 

e Op. Buxuouf, Introduction (2) p. 484 S 



{ 197 ) 


-tion are produced. But this conflagration is not in¬ 
side him, neither is it in'the objects outside him, nor 
in the intermediate space between both. Again, 0 
Manjuiri, what we call illusion, why is it so called, 
Illusion, 0 Manju&ri, is a condition of complete error 
in regard to all elements of existence. The axiom of 
■this Dharani is that all elements are like the hells.” 
When asked “How is it 0 Buddha, that this is the 
maxim He answered. “The hells, 0 Mafiju&ri, are 
produced by imagination. Fools and ample people are 
cheated by error and illusion.” He asks “Wherefrom, 0 
Blessed one, do the hells descend ?” Buddha answers. 
“From the Space do the hells descend.” “Do you 
think, 0 Man] itiri, that the hells are produced by our 
imagination or do they exist as a separate reality V 
He answers. “The transmigration of our Soul into the 
hells, into animals and into ghosts is fancied by the 
imagination of fools and simple people By error and 
imputation, they imagine that they suffer, that they 
live a life of misery m these three inferior planes of 
■existence.” 

“These tortures of the hell exist, 0 Blessed One 
only as far as I imagine them. Let us, e.g., suppose, 
O Blessed One, that somebody in a dream imagines 
himself gone down to the hell. He will then imagine 
that he is cast m an iron vessel, boiling amidst Mating 
fires, quite filled with many human beings. 1 There 
he will be tormented by a strong, acute, intense pain. 
This awaful suffering he will imagine in his mind. He 
nevertheless w ill be frightened, will be terror-stricken. 

1 eLa-paurma, cp Tib ”~™~ " 



( 198 ) 

Having then awakened, 1 he will cry out “Oh, how 
awful, how awful.” Ho will be distressed and lament. 
His friends, acquaintances and relatives will ask, 
“who has made you suffer so much” « He will reply 
to these friends, acquaintances and relatives. “I 
have suffered the tortures of the hell ” He will then 
revile and repeat, “I am suffering the tortures of the 
hell, and you ask me to tell you who lias made me so 
suffer”. Then these friends, acquaintances and rela¬ 
tives will address the man in the following way. 
“Bo not afraid, 0 man, you were asleep, you have not 
left this house.” He will then regam memory and 
think, “Yes, I have been asleep, this is all wrong, it 
is my imagmtion. And he will again recover his 
good spirits ” 

“Thus it is, 0 Blessed One, that this man dream¬ 
ing in sleep has imagined, through a wrong imputa¬ 
tion, that he has been in the hell It is in the same 
manner, O Blessed One, that all simple and foolish 
people are saturated with an imagined sexual appetite. 
They construct for themselves the idea of a woman as 
the target of their desires. Having constructed it, 
they imagine that they enjoy themselves in her com¬ 
pany. To such a foolish and simple man it ooours, 
“I am a man, she is a woman, she is my wife.” His 
mind is overcome by lust and dehght, he allows his 
mind to indulge in pleasure. Moved by such feelings 
he might produce a row, a dispute, an altercation. 
His senses become obscured, he breathes hate With 
these illusions he then imagined himself pa ssing away 
1 samanah “with self assmanoe”. according to Tib. 


{ 199 ) 


and suffering in the hells during many thousands of eons. 
The Mends, acquaintances and relatives of this man, 
0 Blessed One, will speak to him in the following way. 
“Don’t fear, don't be frightened, 0 man. You were 
asleep, you did not leave this house.” 

“0 Blesed One, it is just according to this rela¬ 
tivity of the phenomenal world that the divine Bud¬ 
dhas have preached their doctrine to the living crea¬ 
tures who are imbued with the fourfold 1 illusion of the 
world’s reality.” "There is here (in this world, they 
teach) neither man nor woman; no living creature, 
no Soul, no Spirit, no Personality. All this plurality 
of the ultimate elements* of esistence is an illusion. 
They do not exist. They are misleading, they are 
like a tnck, they are like a dream, they are like magic, 
they are like the reflection of the moon in water, etc.” 
Having received this instruction of the Buddha the 
Irving creatures perceive the plurality of elements 
without their enticement, without their illusive cha¬ 
racter, without considering them as separate exis¬ 
tences, without this covering of plurality. They 
pass away with their min d merged in Space. After 
having passed away they will he completely merged 
in the Pinal Reality of Nirvana.® Thus, 0 Blessed 
One, do I regard the hells.” 

It is also said in the “Questions of the Venerable 
Upali”, 4 "I have seen t h e many terrors of the hell, 
1 i e., the SIussiom of a real self, its bliss, its purity, its perma¬ 
nence. Gp. Toga-su 115. 
a Saraa-dhannah 
s Nvrupadhi-iesa nirvana-dh&tu. 

- 4 Tlus work is quoted m &iks&-samuccaya as an authority on 
confession, p. 164, 168, 178, 290. 


( 200 ) 

by which thousands of creatures are tortured. But 
thexeare no creatures in this world who after death go 
to the tortures of the hell There are there no swords, 
"no arrows and no spears, by which torture is indicted 
In imagination they fancy them falling upon then 
bodies There are no real weapons. And in the hea¬ 
vens delightful golden palaces decorated with beauti¬ 
ful vanegated flowers appear before us, but nobody 
has constructed them They are also constructed by 
imagination. The simple man constructs them in 
imagination. The foolish sticks to these constructed 
conceptions "Whether we stick to them or do not 
stick to them, they are not real. These our concep¬ 
tions are like fata morgana 

Thus it is proved that these separate entities of the 
phenomenal world have no real independent existecne 
of their own To simple people who are misled by 
their own subjective illusions, they become a source of 
moral defilement in this hfe In our “Introduction 
into the Sladhyamika System’’, we 1 have explained 
at length how it is that objects which have no reality 
of their own can nevertheless produce either moral defi¬ 
lement or moral purification There it can be learnt 

XXXIII THE TWELVE MEMBERED CAUSAL 
SERIES REFERS TO THE PHENOMENAL 
WORLD 

To this the Hlnayamsfc objects If there is alto¬ 
gether no causation, if things arise neither out of them- 

1 Tie tenor of this work in general is probably meant 



( 201 ) 


selves, nor out of something extraneous, nor out of 
"both these sources, nor at random, how is the causal 
series preached hy the Buddhas to he understood, how 
is it that he has declared that as long as illusion has 
not been extinct by knowledge and meditation, prena¬ 
tal forces will always produce new lives 1 l 

1 The last but one chapter of the Madhy. sastra is devoted to the 
examination of the formula of the twelve membered Causal series 
It is there given the following interpretation There is m the 
world a craving for life [punar-bhavartham) produced by an illu¬ 
sion ( amdya ) which can bo stopped by the lallvadarim In 
jffah&yana, it is the Saint who intuits the world sub specie aeter- 
lahs In Hinayana, it is the Yogin who really stops all the func¬ 
tion of life and coverts it into an eternal death Under the 
influence of such illusion prenatal forces {samsakara —karma) 
produces new hfe (vijnana), an embryo (n Sma rupa=panca- 
slandha) is formed (luksau nSmarupam msicyate), which gradu¬ 
ally develops the senses ( sadayatana ), sensation ( sparia), feeling 
(vedanS), sexual appetite ( trsna ), the habits underlying ( upadana) 
life, hfe itself (bhava—rtew karma), and, after death, a new birth, 
old age and death again The formula represents the rotation of 
the phenomenal hfe (duhkha) in which there is no eternal princi¬ 
ple, which is kevala=an&tma^=12 ayatanas, with the implication 
that it can bo completely stopped, without any residue of life, in 
■Nirvana If its connection with the theory of the separate ele¬ 
ments (dharmas) and their total extinction in Nirvana, ultimately 
through yoga, is overlooked, the formula simply states that living 
beings come and go, are bom and die Cp 0 Bosenberg, Pro¬ 
blems, oh XVI The interpretation of NSg&rjuna is virtually 
the same as is current in in all Buddhist counrties, cp Aung, Co,, 
pendium, p, 269, ff In prof B. Eeith's interpretation op oit 
p 99 ff the simple formula is converted into a heap of absurdi¬ 
ties 



( 202 ) 

We answer. This is the phenomenal point o£ 
view, 1 it is not absolute reality. 2 

The realist. Please tell, how is phenomenalism 
proved ? 

Madhyamika Phenomenalism is nothing but 
the expression of the faot of Universal Relativity 3 
It cannot be established otherwise than by denying 
the four theories of causation just examined, since 
they necessarily imply the realistic view 4 of a 
plurality of substances having their own reality. 
But if we take our stand upon Universal Relativity, 3 
the cause and effect, being correlative, have neither 
of them any absolute existence. Realism 4 is thus 
repudiated 

Accordingly it has been said, 5 
Philosophers assume phenomenal world,® 

Either as self-piodueed or as non-self produced. 
Or causeless or both self and non-self made. 
But you have proved, it is contingent 7 
And it will be stated m thiB treatise later on, 8 
So far as there are effects, there is a cause 
So far as there is a cause, there are effects. 

We cannot realize, 

For their reality another reason ___ 

1 samvrhh, or tins is “tins covering”, "tiio face of it” 

2 tattvam 

3 tdampratyayata-mcHram=prahlya-samutpada-mSlram, op text, 
transl p 152 

4 sa-svabJiSva-vGdak 

* Lokatita-atava, 19, Bston-hygur, Bsfcod, I (St dela V P 

* duliUta 

7 pratUya-ja. 

* VIII 12 


( 203 ) 

Just the same has been declared by Buddha him¬ 
self in the following words, 

"The theory of separate elements 1 implying the 
denial of personal identity 8 means that "this exists 
so far as that exists”, "if this has appeared that will 
appear ”. 3 e.g., prenatal forces exist so far as illusion 
and desire have not been stopped, a new life* is produ¬ 
ced so far there are prenatal forces which produce it, 
etc. etc.” 

XXXIV. CONTROVERSY ABOUT THE 
VALIDITY OF LOGIC 

A vehement protest 5 is raised by some philso- 
phers against this condemnation of logic . 6 “You 

1 dharma samketa=pvdagala-nairdlmya—12 ayaianas, op Central 
Concption, p, 28 

3 pudgala-nairatmya=ana tma 

* Tins very ancient formulation, cp, Majjli M , III 63, is given a 
realistic interpretation m Hinayana and a transcendental one in 
Mahayana, op above p 40 

4 vijndna In the first period of the development of the embryo- 
it is dormant (sammdrcehita), until sensation (sparia) appears. 
In a bird’s egg, as long as it has not lost vitality, there is vijndncr 
according to the principles of pratUya-samuipada "When the 
term is mistranslated as “thought", "ponsee” etc confusion in¬ 
evitably arises Prof Keith, op cit p 101, has imagined that it 
18 “visible” * 'Visible is termed in the Pali Canon "santdassana”. 
Among the 76 ultimates there is only one, the rupa-ayatana, i e. 
oolour, -which is visible, cp Digha N. Ill 217, Ab KoSah, 128 

5 pari-eodand 

6 This and the following discussion refers to the pramanavmiScaya-' 
vaia of Dignaga and others The first step m the vindication of 
logic has been mode by fihavaviveka But he remained a 
Madhyaimka The pramana-mniicaya^vada is exp osed by Va- 



( 204 ) 

maintain.” tliey say'’ that separate entities are not 
•caused (in the absolute sense). Now. is this assertion 
founded on argument, or is it not founded on ar gnmont. ? 
If you admit that it is founded on argument you are 
obliged to answer the following questions How many 
are the sources of our knowledge ? What is their esse- 
ence * What their scope ? What is their origin ? 
Have they arisen out of themselves, out of something 
extraneous, out of both, or out of nothing ? But if 
your denial of causation is not founded on argument, 
it must be rejected, because our cognition of an object 
depends upon the method by which it is cognized If 
something is not known, it cannot become known other 
wise than by appropriate methods If these methods 
do not exist, neither will cognition ever be arrived at. 
How is then your explicit assertion possible ? 
Tou cannot assert that the separate entities are not 
caused. Or else just the same reason which allows 
you to maintain that nothing is caused will also allow 
me to maintain the contrary, viz that every single 
thing exists And just as you assert that all our ele¬ 
ments of existence are uncaused. 1 I will maintain that 
whatsover exists has a cause.’’ 2 

caspatunitra in Tatpaiyat p 7 1 28 and p 248 25 if cp Garbe 
Die Santhya Phil p 203 vimscaya ib another name for Dignaga’s 
conception of KaTpana, it represents the fundamental act of 
thinking appearing m such judgments as “this is Devadatta”, 
"this is dark complexion, ’ "this is moving” etc where the ele¬ 
ment "this refers to the svalaLsana, cp n on p 137 cp tatpaiyat 
' p 1011. ff 

i anulpannSh sarva-dharmah (dharma =b7iava ) 

- -* sarva-bMvotpattih 


fc 205 •) 


“Or perhaps, you do not really believe that’ no¬ 
thing is being produced, you tell it just for the sake of 
cavilling 2 But then you will never persuade your 
opponent to believe a theory you do not yourself be¬ 
lieve The composition of this treatise will then serve 
no purpose, and the denial of Pluralism 1 will not have 
been really made ” 

Msdhyamika We answer If our system did 
allow assertive judgments implying the transcendental 
reahty of a substratum, the question would then arise 
whether these judgments are founded on sound method 
or not However, there is no place for them in a sys¬ 
tem of Universal Relativity. The reason for that is 
just the following one. If problematic judgements 
regrardmg reahty were admitted as possible, we would 
then be obliged to admit the counterpart, the possibility 
of corresponding assertions But we also absolutely 
deny the possibility of problematic judgments regarding 
the transcendental reality of a substratum, how could 
we then make the correlative 2 assertions, since they 
would not be correlatitive with other unexistmg member 
of the relation. It would be hke the length and 'the 
short-ness of an un-existing thing, e.g the horn of a don¬ 
key. Therefore, since we do not make any such assertion, 
where are the things for the sake of whose reality we 
should so much imagine the existence of the sources 
of right knowledge I s And how could we establish 

1 sarva-bhtivS aprattsddhak 

2 Read tadmrvddho 

* Lit, p. 50, 4 “We answer If we would have what yoii call 
assertion, it would be produced either by' right cognition or not 


( 206 ) 


•their number, their essence and their respective objects? 
How could we decide whether they originate out of 
non-self, out of both, or without a cause * It is not 
our business to answer all these questions. 

The logician. You thus insist that you make no 
assertion whatsoever. But we hear from you a pro- 

by right congnition But wo liavo none Why * Here, when 
non-assortion is possible, its counterpart, an assertion relative 
to it, might exist But when we, first of all, don’t have any non¬ 
assertion, then wherefrom the counterpart, the assertion * Since 
it would be disregarding the other part of the relation, juBt as 
the length and the shortness of the donkey’s horn And when 
there thus is no assertion, then for the sake of whose reality 
(siddht) wo would very much lmgine ( panlalpa ) sources of nght 
knowledge *" ruScaya—adhyavasaya wlalpa, cp-Tatparyat. 
p 88 22 vikalpa u an assertion of the form "Tnis is that” sa 
evayatn, cp. Nb t tipp. p 23 4, where the element “this ’’refer- 
to the “Hoo Aliquid” interpreted by Dignago as the “thing m 
itself” (smlaTcsana) The judgment is regarded as synthetic 
(kalpan&=nSma-3dii-yojanS) and as dialectical (vikalapa-dtlemma) 
am&caya evidently means a problematic judgment tha means 
eihlxer—asmanmate, or =satyam iUnyat&yam. Cp. N b. 69 22. 
ff where it is stated that when something is cognized 
.(paneahidyate) it means that it is contrasted {vyavacchidyate) 
with its counterpart. For both parties every assertion {nticaya= 
ktdpana.) has a counterpart (praltpaLsa ), it is a dichotomy (dvat- 
dhikaran), it is relational (apeksa), dialectical ( vilalapa ) If 
the counterpart [sambandhy-antara<=prattpalsa) is missing, an 
assertion is impossible, sinoe it would be without a counterpart, 
non-relative (nirapeksa). But for the Logioian, every relation, as 
e g short ad long has an indirect (paratantra) reality m the under- 
j^g “thing in itself” (svalaksana) This for the Madhyamika 
is like the horn of a donkey His point seems heie to he that 
Eelativity is^tself relative. 



( 207 ) 


position which looks like a definite assertion, 1 viz. 
that entities arise neither out of themselves, nor out of 
something different, nor out of both, nor at random, 
How is that to be explained ? 

The Madhyamika. We answer. This our state¬ 
ment appears decisive to simple people who try to 
understand it according to arguments familiar to them, 
but not to the Saints® who can intuit absolute reality. 

The Logician Do you really mean to say that 
these Saints believe in no argument ? 

The M5dhyamika. Who can say whether they 
have or not any arguments ? About the Absolute® 
the Saints remain silent How is then a conversation 4 
with them on this subject possible ? How can we 
then decide whether there are arguments or not ? 
The Logician If the Saints do not enlarge upon 
arguments, how do they manage to bung them home 
to simple people the idea of the Absolute 1 

The Madhyamika. When the Saints are engaged 
in a conversation with simple folk, they do not really 

1 micUa-rvpam vaLyamupapattih =pramanam. 

2 The Buddhist Samt (arya) is here the equivalent of the Momst 
who by mystic intuition [yogt-pralyalfa) has reached a direct 
vision of the world sub specie aclermtatis, he has entered the 
dfsti-marga, cp. above p. 90. He has absolutely no judgments 
(niscayd), stnctly speaking not even the assertion of Belatmty 
(hmyata) op above p. 49 

® paramarlhah 

. 4 pTapanca=vaJc, Hup 373 9iLit "Therefore wherefrom the 
possibility there of speech, so that there would be either 
argument or no argument”. 




( 208 ) 

exhibit their own arguments. They take the 
arguments which are just the arguments that appeal 
to simple men, they provisionally admit them as a 
convenient method for the instruction of others, 
and thus give instruction to common people by just 
those methods which simple men can understand. 

Just so it is that men influenced by sunsuahty 
invert the real condition of things The real impurity 
in the body of a female they overlok They imagine 
a non-existing beauty of its forms and are tormented 
by it In order to liberate them from their passion, 
a person magically created by Buddha or a god may 
depict to them the impurities of the body which there¬ 
fore were concealed from them under the idea of its 
beauty. This body, they will say, is covered with hair 
and contains other impurities in the intestines 1 These 
men will then get nd of their conviction that it was a 
beauty and attain impassibility. 

Just the same happens here Common mankind 
whose power of vision is obstructed by the darkness 
of ignorance imputes to separate entities a reality 
which they do not possess, a reality which for the 
Saint does not exist at all. It then happens that 
these ordinary men are tormented by some particular 
thing which they somehow imagi ne to exist. 2 The 

1 The aSubha-bhUvuna is here alluded to, the praotioe of the yogms 
to concentrate upon the repulsive, loothsoe particulars of every 
animal life 

8 Lit p 58 1-3 “ JuBt so hero likewise, the worldlings are very nmob 
tormented (subject to lleias ) having imputed to something some 
inverted essence of entities, because their mental eyes are ob¬ 
structed by the darkness or ophthalmia of ignorance, an essence 
whose substance is m every respect unperceived by the Saints 



( 209 ) 


Saints then try to rouse their skepticism by some 
argument which would appeal to them. E.g., 
supposing the Sankhya proves his tenet of identity 
between an effect and its material cause, the Monist 
then says, “If the jar did really exist in the lump of 
clay, it would never have needed to be produced out 
of it once more ” This will be acquiesced in. He 
then concludes, “If something exists before its pro¬ 
duction, it need not be produced once more, because 
it exists”. Thus the Sankhya will be confuted in a way 
intelligible to everybody. 


Similarly will it be said against the converse theory 
of the VaiSesikaa who admit a break between the 
effect and its material cause, “You agree that a sprout 
cannot be produced out of blazing coal because the 
latter is different, we then must conclude that it 
neither originates out of seeds etc., which are usually' 
represented 1 as their cause, since they also are 
different 2 

1 uval&ita ~ 


2 In oidei to save the reality and substantiality of separate objects 
the Vaife&kas maintain that the effect is absolutely different 
(atyanta-bhmna) from its material cause, and that the whole con- 
toms something m addition, over and above its parts. But this 
does not prevent them from maintaining that the parts are in¬ 
dent j^veta^ m the whole. The Madhyamika here resorte-- 
to Jus diamond-hke argument agamst Causality, "If the efect ia 
different, there ls no causation, if it is partly different and partly 
non-different the difficulty mil be double ” This of course should 



( 230 ) 

t 1 ho Logician may at Inst maintain that causality 
exists because such is our dncct experience 1 

Mfulliyamikn This also is wrong because of 
the iollowing argument • 

TIicsis This direct experience is misleading 

Henson Because it is experience 

Example Just ns the direct expeiionce of 
a double moon by a mn» suffering from ophthalmia 

Consequently it is wrong to oppose our argument 
on the basis of direct experience, since the reliability 
of the latter remains to be proved 2 

We have thus established in the first chapter of 
our work that the separate entities of the phenomenal 
world have never originated and do not exist And 
we have proved this by our negative method We 
first assume the reality of something impossible and 
then condemn it 3 

The remaining parts of the tieatise are now con¬ 
cerned with details They aie devoted to the repu¬ 
diation of all possible charactciistics of lenhty, 
wheresoever they have been assumed to exist It 
will be shown that m the light of Relativity, all those 
particular characteristics are not ultimately real, c g, 

1 anubhava 
- s stidhya-sama 

3 Lit, p 88 10 , "Therefore unproducod aro the entities, thus, first 
. of all, by counterargument, by imputation of a contrary ossclico, 
the first chapter is composed ” 




( 211 ) 

neither a moving object, nor the point to bo reached , 1 
nor motion 2 itself do really exist . 3 

XXXV. CONTROVERSY WITH THE BUDDHIST' 
LOGICIAN CONTINUED 
However there is still a question to be considered, 
viz. the theory of our Buddhist epistemologiBts. “We 
are only giving, they maintain, a scientific description 
of what just happens in common life, in regard to the' 
sources of knowledge and their respective objects. 
We do not consider their transcendental reality 4 
The Madhyamika asks. But what is the upshot 
of such a description, does it lead to the cogmtion of 
the Absolute ? 

The Logician No, but bunglers m logic, the 
Naiyayikas have given wrong definitions of logical 
processes and we have then given the right ones. 

1 gatavya, cp II 25 

3 C II is devoted to the denial of motion It is noteworthy tlrnt a 
splendid opportunity offered itself here to Nagarjuna to repeat, in 
some form or other, some of Zeno of Elea’s deductions of our usual 
conception of motion ad absurdum The Greek philosopher was 
also a monist, he was anxious to prove that motion is impossible, 
because he followed Parmenides in donymg plurality There is 
no trace of Nfigar]una having known them 

3 Lit, p 58 12-13, “ m order to teach that without exception 
every characteristic of ptalllya-samvlpada does not exist ” 
In this phrasing prafAtya-samutpadahccomos a synonym of reality 
(samvftah pratilya-samutapadah) Since it is synonymous with 
iunyata, ep p. 431, it is quite clear that this latter term means 
reality, and not voidness, the voidness refeis to all its determina¬ 
tions which have only empirical reality. 

4 It seems that the first chapter originally ended with the words 
pTatipfidanaxtliatn, p 58 12-13 The following discussion with a 

1 follower of Dignaga looks like a later addition. 



( 212 ) 


The Madhyamika. This also is beyond the mark, 
we will reply, because if the realistic logicians, the. 
Naiyayikas, are bad logicians, and have given wrong, 
definitions of logical processes, then there must be a 
gap between what humanity at large imagines about 
the essence of cogmtion and what the realists are 
teaching Then alone will your emendatory work 
prove promising. But this is not the case. Your 
work, therefore, is a quite useless occupation 6 . 

B Lit p 59 1-3 “This is wrong. If indeed bad logicians have 
produced inverted definitions, common mankind would have the 
reverse of what is being defined, for the sake of it there could be 
some fruitfulness of the endeavour But it is not so. Therefore 
the endeavour is quite useless ” The Naiyayikas, m their concep¬ 
tions about the categories of existence and the ways of cognising 
them, follow the every-day conceptions of common humanity. 
Now, if the BuddhiBt Logioian, who is here represented as like¬ 
wise adhering to the every-day logic, has really no other aim' 
than to correct the logic of the Naiyayikas there must he diver¬ 
gence betwen the latter and the co mm on life views, otherwise 
the—Buddhist would have nothing to correct in these theories 
of the Naiyayikas Bnt “it is not so”, i e the Nhiyayika viewB are 
much nearer to the conception of simple humanity than what the 
Buddhists are teaching about logical questions Therefore if 
the Buddhist really intends to remain on empirical ground, his 
“endeavour is quite useless” , he has nothing better to do than 
to accept the logic of the Beakst. This the Madhyamika has 
done. He accepts the categories of existence and the modes of 
cognising them (the 4 pramanas) of the NaiyayikaB, as well as the 
theory that onr sense faculties ( sanntlarta ) con apprehend the 
universal as well as the particular things He accepts all this 
with the proviso that it is empirical cognition which has nothing 
to do with the cognition of the Absolute, and which, from the 
transcendental stand-point is on illusion (satnvrft), since it is 
relative {iunya), not absolute (not j>aTam6Tt7iasatya). As to 


( 213 ) 

Moreover tiie criticism directed against epistemo¬ 
logy by NSgarjuna in bis “Repudiation of Contests” 

Dignaga’a school, it is true that it investigates that kind of 
cognition which is not oontradicted by experience, which is 
samvadaJca, and defines reality i e , ultimate reality, as efficiency. 
They have the right to maintain that in their logio they partly 
remain on empirical ground But they establish a sharp distinc¬ 
tion between the “pure” object (iuddha-artlia) “pure synthes'8, 
or reason” iuddha-halpand), pure sensation (< (uddham pratya- 
ksam=nirvikalpaLam) and empirical definite cognition (tu scaya— 
adhyavasaya) With regard to the latter there is no divergence, 
hardly any, between the logic of the Naiyayikas and tbe 
Buddhists, prapya-visaye (-adhyavasite) flash tivadah But 
with regard to the former, tbe divergence is decisive, grahya- 
Waye (=paramarthasati) tu maliSn vwadah In pure sensation 
we cognise the pure object, the “thing in itself” svalalsana, the 
pomt-instant ksana, the focus of efficiency Here we palrt with 
the empmoal ground, the “the thing in itself” cannot he cognised 
empirically [jnanena na prapyate), but it is readied m pure 
sensation (apx tv vijiianena~pratvyaksena=nirvikalpakena) 
It is a kind of limit, a kind of “Qrenzhegriffi” ( loLa-maryada ), 
and the logicians who have established it are transcendentalists 
(ahpatita-loka-maryadah), It is as much the central conception 
in Digaiga’s system as Relativity ( sunyata ) is the central con¬ 
ception of the MSdhyamikas and pluralism ( dharmah ) the central 
conception of Hinayana. All these points will be put in a clearer 
light in the notes to my translation of the Nyfiyabinduttka. 

. shortly to appear in the B B translation series. But it is 
necessary to keep them m mind m order to understand the next 
following discussion between Dignaga and Candrakirti about 
the essence of this “thing m itself’. The attitude of the Madhya- 
mikas towards realism corresponds to the attitude of the Roman 
Catholic Church towards the plain empmciam of Aristotle. Both 
the MSdhyamikas and the Romau Catholic Church were hostile 
to critical systems, they preferred realism, with the proviso that 
it had nothing to do with the cogUwn of the Absolute whioh is 
cognised by revelation or by intuition. 



( 214 \ 

must not be forgotten. He there asks, “If every- 
cognition of an object depends upon reliable sources 
of knowledge, these sources being m their turn objects 
cognised by us, on whom do they depend * If they 
are also cognised through other souices of knowledge, 
we shall be landed into a teqiessus ad infinitumAs 
long as this fundamental criticism has not been cleared 
away, all your talk about having given the right 
definition of logical processes is nothing. 

But never mind, let us consider your views more 
closely. You maintain that there are two sources of 
knowledge, sensation and intellection, two only, and 
that this corresponds to the double essentia of every 
thing existing, the particular (or the unique) and the 
universal 1 . We will then ask, the thing possessing 
this double essentia, does it also exist or does it not ? 

1 Tie originality of Dignuga’s system of logic consists in tie 
doctrine which admits two distinct sources of knowledge two 
only He calls them perception and inference, but they differ 
very widely from what is usually understood by these terms 
in logic and psychology They exactly correspond to the double 
character of everything existing, the particular and the universal 
The particular again is not the concrete object usually so desig¬ 
nated, but the absolutely particular, the unique, the thing which 
neither has extension, (deian<mugata)jnOT haBitdnration,{Xff?u«a- 
nugata) it is the thing in itself, ( svalaLiana ) apart from anything 
else (sarvalo vyavrtta, tratlokya-vyavrlla) the point-instant [liana) 
By sense-perception (pralyatea) the knowledge corresponding to 
this point-instant is understod It is a moment of pure sensa¬ 
tion m which no synthesis no integration at all has been produced, 

(lalpanapodha). Every synthetic process of thought is contrasted 
with the direct cognition by the senses, as an indircot cognition 
or inference Dignaga’s inference thus embraces, besides our 



( 215 ) 

If it does, we must then have a supplementary 
object of cognition, a third kind of it. 'What happens 
then to your two sources of knowledge established 
in exact correspondence to the double character of 
existence ? And if the thing possessing this double 
essence does not exist, the double essence itself will 
remain m the air, unsupported by something posse¬ 
ssing it What will then the double knowledge mean 1 
Nagaquna will state in the sequel, 1 

Without at all any characteristic 
The thing itself becomes impossible 
And if impossible the thing will be. 
Characteristics likewise are impossible. 

XXXVI. CRITIQUE OF THE NOTION OF 
AN ABSOLUTE PARTICULAR 
POINT-INSTANT 

But (says the logician) we should not interpret the 
notion of a particular essence as an essence possessed 
inference, all that we would call judgment, intellection, ideation, 
thought, reason etc , every cognitive process, except pure passive 
sensation The point-instant corresponding to pure sensation 
is the central conception in Dignaga’s system, it represents a 
differential from which, by a process of integration, all onr 
knowledge is built up The principle of the Differential Cal¬ 
culus of a planet’s motion, (tatlahU gatih) was known to Tn^inn 
astronomers We still do not know exactly when it was first 
discovered Bhaskara in the XII century knows it, but Yacas- 
patimifea, m the IX century A D avers that the point-instant 
of the Buddhist is the mathematical point known to the astro¬ 
nomers (jyotir-vidya-siddha), cp TStparyatika p. 386,1 On the 

* ° al0UluS of Hmdu Astronomy cp, W Spottiswoode, 

JRZS 1869 p, 221 
1 V. 4 



( 216 ) 

fcy something, but we should avail ourselves of the 
grammatical rule allowing us to interpret this teria 
hs meaning the thing itself which possesses that 
essence 

The Madhyamika answers. Even so, even sup¬ 
posing that you are right, if it really means the thing 
possessing that essence, nevertheless a thing cannot 
be characterised by its own self That by which it is 
characterised must be mstrumentally related to it, 
it must be different from the thing itself which is the 
object of this instrumental relation Our criticism of 
the notion of an absolute particular stands 2 

The criticism is wrong, the Logician will then 
answer We assume that sensation though which 
the particular essence reveals itself is mstrumentally 
related to it, but nevertheless it is immanent m it 
We thus escape your criticism 3 

Madhyamika Our criticism stands, we will answer, 
-Indeed, we are here adhering to the usual conception’ 
of what a particular essence is 

1 Lit. p 60, 1-2 “Further let it be that a characteristic or essence 
is not that by what it is characterised, but according to Pannu, 
III S 18, by making the lyut to stand for the object, a characteri¬ 
stic is the characterised ’’ 

a Lt p, 60 2-3 “Thus also, since it is not possible that this should 
be characterised by that, and since by what this is characterised, 
' its instrument, is a diflorent thing from the object, there is just 
the same fault ” 

1 8 Lit p 60 4-6 Further it may be that this is not a fault, since 
cognition is instrumental, and since this lrstrumentahty is inclu¬ 
ded m the absolute particular ” Jfiana is here used m itB widest 
comprehension, it thon inoludes not only pure sensation («y- 
fidna) but, according to Buddhists and Vednntans, vedanS, 
sukhadi as well 




{ 217 ) 

The particular essence of something., in otir 
opinion, is that essence which is the exclusive charac¬ 
teristic of the thing, a characteristic which it does 
not share with anything else. Take, e.g. the following 

definitions. 

1. Resistance is the exclusive charac- 
■ teristic of solid bodies. 

2. Reeling is the reaction pleasant or 
unpleasant produced by an object, 

3. Consciousness is awareness in every 
single case of some object present to our mind 
or sense. 1 

This means that by such exclusive characteristics 
'something is characterised But you brush aside 
this generally known and far-spread interpretation, 
and admit another one, according to which essence 
•means not the characteristic, but the characterized 2 

However if you imagine that the absolutely 
particular, the point-instant is characterised by our 
^awareness of it, this can only have the following 
meaning. The single pomt-instant contains a double 
.aspect, the thing characterised and its characteristic. 
•Thisj strictly speaking will be a double particular 
essence, one of them will be the thing characterised, 
®nd the other will be the characteristic. If onr aware¬ 
ness of the pomt-instant represents its characteristic, 

• ® 01 these definitions of prlhivi, vedana and vijn&nn op my Central 

Conception, p. 13-19. 

1 Lt p. 60 7. “Having waived off the well known and followed 
etymology, yon aBsnme an object-production ” Before tbe 
word prtmddha, p 60 7, a cheda must be inserted. 



'( 218 ) 


the thing characterised. i e , the objective side of the 
relation, will nevertheless represent something different 
from its characteristic Our criticism stands 1 

Moreover the Logician may point to the general 
Buddhist denial of all substance behind the changing 
sense-data. The quality of existence in solid bodies 
etc is but a sense datum, revealed, in our sensation, 
it is just the subjective part of that relation, and it 
does not differ from its paiticular essence, it is not 
something revealed by the sensation itself 2 

The Madhyamika But then this moment of 
sensation 3 itself will never be objective, and then it 
never will be cognised, because a particular point- 
instant can be cognised only under the condition of 
its being objective in legard to our consciousness In 
that case the following qualification must be added 
to your statement about the double essence of every¬ 
thing cognizable, the particular one and the universal 
one “One particular essence of the point-instant will be 
cognizable, that one which we here have called the 
characterized aspect of it Its other particular 

1 Lit m p 60 7-61 2 "By conceiving an instrumental essence 
in sensation, the following is expressed, just the particular 
essence has objectively, the character of being an instrument 
belongs to another particular essence, therefore if the particular 
essence m sensation is an instrument there should bo an object 
different from it, thus there is the same fault ’’ 

2 Lit p 61 3-4- “Further it might he that the hardness etc. 
which is contained in earth etc bcirg apprehended by sensation, 
it (sc, hardness) is just the object of that (sc, sensation) and it 
is not different from the particnlar essence ” 

9 vijMna-swtfalsana 



'( 219 ) 


.essence -will not be cognizable, tbat one which we have 
called the characterizing aspect of it". 

But if you go on to maintain that this second 
aspect is in its turn also a thing characterized, it will 
then likewise require some other thing as a characteris¬ 
tic. And if you in this case imagine a further step in 
awareness, an awareness of awareness as its character¬ 
istic, you will incur the danger of an infinite regress in 
addition to the fault of disregarding the relation of 
substance and quality” 1 

XXXYXI INTROSPECTION 

The Madhyamika But then you have your 
theory about Introspection According to the theory, 
that consciousness which represents our awareness of a 
pomt-instant of reality is apprehended by introspection. 
It thus contains inherent objectivity (and immanent 
cogmzabikty) 2 . 

The Madhyamika. We answer In our “Intro¬ 
duction to the Madhyamika System,” we have already 
referred at length to this theory of Introspection 3 That 

1 Lit p 66 6-9 “Some particular essence which is designated 
‘what is characterized’ is object of cognition, some is not object 
of cognition which is designated ‘what is characterized through 
it ’ Further it also is objeot-production Then its different 
instrument must exist If the instrumentality of another know¬ 
ledge is with an effort (partrlalpana), the fault of an infinite re¬ 
gress is incurred ” 

2 Lit p 61 10-11 “Then you suppose that there is self cons¬ 
ciousness, therefore, objectivity existing because of apprehension 
through self-consciousnesB, there necessarily (eva) is inclusion 
in cogmzability ” 

3 VI 73 (p 167. ff) 



( 220 ) 

one particular essence (the point-instant) is charac¬ 
terised by another one, (i e. by our awareness of it), 
and the latter by introspection—this is impossible * 

Moreover the criticism of Nagarjuna which we 
.have mentioned above 1 remnms That very moment 
of consciousness cannot be real without having an 
essence of its own, it ennnot exist (without it) And 
if on the other hand there is nothing of which it is the 
essence, the latter (1 o , the essence), having no support, 
will have no opportunity to realise itself. What 
becomes then of introspection which is supposed to 
apprehend such consciousness which is itself 
impossible 2 * 

Accordingly it is said m the “Questions of Rat- 
naefida ,’' 3 

“Considering consciousness he the Boddhisattva 
investigates 4 the stream of thought , 6 and asks where¬ 
from does it come The following occurs to hun. 
Consciousness arises, if there is an immanent object. 
1 Test;, p 69 10 trans pi 142 

a Lit p G2 1-3 "Moreover Hus very knowledge, for sure, not 
being real separately from the particular essence and therefore 
being jmxiossiblo, and in the absence of tLe thing characterized, 
not being able to operate as a characteristic without any subs¬ 
tratum, altogether does not exist, thus wherefrom self-cons¬ 
ciousness 1” 

- a Translated partly by Bumouf, Introduction, p 600. 

4 Notwithstanding the Tibetan, wo prefer 1 ere to rend with 
Bumouf ciltam samamtpafyan, just as in the sequel, p 62 7. 
63 6. asamanupaiyan could only mean not having yet fully rea¬ 
lized, what consciousness is (i e not having yet attained mpa- 
iyam), ha investigates 

8 etlla-dliSm, Bumouf—“le trenchant (do la pensee)” 




( 221 ) 


Does that mean that consciousnes is one thing and the 
object another, or that they are identical t In the 
first ease we shall have a double consciousness. But 
if they are identical, how is then consciousness to be 
cognized through consciousness * Consciousness can¬ 
not apprehend its own self. The trenchancy of a sword 
cannot cut its own trenchancy. The tip of a finger 
cannot touch that very tip Similarly this, conscious¬ 
ness cannot be conscious of its own self ’. 

"Thus it is that when a Saint is thoroughly 
attentive , 1 when he is engaged in the spiritual exercise 
of the Mahayanifltic application of mindfulness 2 to¬ 
wards his own consciousness, then it appears to him 
as undefinable. It neither has an end nor a beginn¬ 
ing . 3 It is not changeless, it is not causeless, it does 
not conflict with the interdependence of the elements, 
but it is neither identical, nor non-identical, neither 
with itself, nor with others. He then cognizes this 
stream of thought, of thought as thin as a creeper, 
the thought-element, indefinite thought, non-mani- 
fested thought, imperceptible thought, thought as a 
thing in itself . 4 He intuits this (unspeakable thought) 
as “Thisness”, the unique Reality of the Universe, 
he does not suppress it .” 6 

1 yom&ah prayukta 

8 This is the thud smjty-upasthana exercise. That the M&ha- 
yamstio exercise is meant is clear, because it results m identi¬ 
fying one’s own consciousness with iafhald—iunyatd. 

8 Cp M-vi p 536 15, puranatam samaintya drsiih. 

* citta-svalalsana, Bnmouf—la pensee “contenne en elle-meme”. 

* Iat. p. 63.5 “He does not produce Annihilation’’, sc, asithe 
Yogin in Hlnayana is supposed to do. 


“Such is the analysis of thought which he realises 
and intuits. This, o noble son, is the Bodhisattva’s 
exercise of application of mindfulness consisting in the 
consideration of what in our consciousness represents 
its essence”. 

XXXVIII THE DISCUSSION ABOUT THE 
POINT-INSTANT RESUMED 

We thus reject Introspection We now return 
to the single moment of sensation which was supposed 
to be characterized by self-awareness Since there is 
no such self-awareness, when we say that it is a 
“thing m itself,” a thmg characterised exclusively by 
itself, what do we mean, who is characterized by 
whom 

And then we ask, is there here m this thing which 
is its own essence any difference between the essence 
and the thing possessing that essence, or is there none * 
In the first case, the essence will be diffeient from the 
thing, and it will cease to be its essence It will be in 
same condition as any other thing which is not supposed 
to be its essence Similarly the thing being different 
from its essence, it will not be the thing possessing that 
essence, just as any other thmg which also does not 

x. - - 

J TJie Logician, i c DignSga, posits as absolutely real, (jtaramartlm 
sat), nmmagmed (anaiojnta) existence, the single moment 
(Isana ) of existence wluch is then supposed to coalesce with the 
single moment of sensation characterised by self-awareness 
This moment cannot bo characterised by something else, since 
. this would convert it m a relational existence ■ It is characte¬ 
rised by itself (sva-lalsana), it is the “thing m itself”* But 
for the Madhynmika, it is relational nevertheless - 



( 223 ) 


possess it. 'And then, if the essence be .different 
from the thing, the thing mil be severed from its 
essence, and the result will be that being detached 
from its own essence it will be nothing, a non-entity 
like a flower in the sky. Now, supposing the thing 
and its essence are identical In that case the thing 
characterized ceases to be characterized, since it has 
coalesced with its own characteristic, it loses its separa¬ 
te existence, just as the characteristic also loses its own 
separate existence. Neither does the essence retain 
its separate existence, because it has coalesced with 
the thing characterized, Just as the latter which has 
then lost its own Self it becomes also lost. 

Accordingly it has been said , 1 
Characteristic from the thing is different* 

The thing is then without characteristic. 

And if both are identical, 

‘Tib clear, You have declared 
That neither really does exist 

And there is no middle course to be taken between 
identity and otherness, if you wish to establish the 
reahty of the thmg characterized and its characteristic 
The author will state this in the following verse.® 
Supposing thus we have two things 
They are not really one, nor are they two, 

What are they then indeed * 

How can we their reahty assume ? 

The Logician further makes the following sugges- 
tion Just as the Madhyamika asserts that ultimate 

1 Lokatita-stava, 11 (M. de la. V P.J 
3 II 21 



< 224 ) 

reality is something unspeakable, -we shall also say 
that the relation between the thing characterised and 
its characteristic is something unspeakable and thus 
establish their reality . 1 

Madhyamika This is impossible—Unspeakable 
reality is assumed by us when we have proved that a 
dichotomy does not resist scrutiny. Indeed, a dicho¬ 
tomy is untenable when it is proved that we cannot 
independently cognize “this is the characteristic, 
this the thing characterised”. We then conclude 
that both are unreal 

But to establish the reality of both the members 
of a dichotomy, as unspeakable, is impossible. 

XXXIX IS THERE A COGNISER * 

Further, after having discussed the question 
whether our knowledge can be regarded as playing the 
part of an instrument through the medium of which 
an object becomes cognized, it is natural to ask the 
question whether there is something playing the part 
of a cognizig agent in this process of cognition, because- 
neither an instrument, nor an action, nor its object are 

1 Lit p 64 10-11 “Otter wise ( veyate to bo omitted cp. Tib*) 
their reality (siddhi) could bo established as unspeakable * It 
is not sc Indeed unspeakablencss, for sure, appears when a 
mutual split cannot be thoroughlty realized ” parasapara-vibkSga 
is here the same as dvaidH-Larana or viLalpa, a division of some¬ 
thing into A and non-A involving the so called infinite judge¬ 
ment Such dichotomy is then called also mlalpa and identified 
with Xalpand, "arrangement", [yojana) it then covers, directly 
or indirectly, the whole range of thought, the active element of 
oogmtion Cf m. vr. p 350 12 ft 



( 225 } 


possible without an agent, just as the action of cutting- 
wood is impossible without an agent. 

Logician. We do not admit the reality of a cogni¬ 
sing Soul, but the element of pure, indefinite sensation 1 
may be imagined as plavmg the part corresponding 
to some sort of agent. 

MSdhyamika. Even that sort of agent cannot 
be acquiesced in, because according to your theory, 
the function of pure sensation in the process of cognition 
is to indicate the mere presence of something. The ob¬ 
ject is, after that, qualified by other mental processes . 2 
It is indeed a tenet accepted by you that “pure sensa¬ 
tion 8 apprehends the pure object, its qualities 4 are 
apprehended by other mental processes”. 

Indeed an instrument, (an object and an agent) is 
assumed to be a real instrument, a real object and a 
real agent, when there is one single action accomplished 
by a variety of factors. We may then admit that 
every one of these factors performs some special 
function of its own, and thus becomes a component 
part of the principal action by the production of some 
change or of new qualities in its object.® But here, 

1 citta, 1 c itta vijnana. op. Central Conception, p. 16.18 

* cailasa—caiUa=ciUa-eamprayuJJa-samsLara 1 cp. ibid. p. 18. 

3 vijnana ClUa, op. ibid, p. 36. 

4 Tib read del khyad-par. 

* Lit p 66 4-5. “When one principal action is performed, instra- 
ment etc possess instrumentality etc , because we a dmi t thejr 
membership through the medium of producing qualities and 
actions for themselves respectively”. The action of cooking rice, 
eg, consists in fetching fuel, pouring water into the kettle, 
putting on fiire; throwing-the nee into the vessel, etc. All 




( 226 ) 

Between definite cognition 1 and pure sensation , 8 
there is no such central action On the contrary every 
part has its own separate function There is an 
independent action of indicating the mere presence of 
something, it is performed hy pure sensation and there 
is another separate action of cognizing the qualities of 
the object. This is performed by constructive thought 
|t thus becomes impossible to impute the part of an 
instrument to qualifying thought , 3 and the part of 
an agent to pure sensation Therefore, your theory 
that in the absolutely particular essence of existence, 
there is an immanent objectivity and an immanent 
instrumentality, cannot be saved Our criticism 
stands 

But perhaps the Hinayamst will, to a certian 
extent, concede this point about the agent, because he 
also maintains that there is altogether , 4 no real agent, 
since, according to Scripture, all elements 6 into which 
existence is analysed represent separate momentary 
flashes, there is between them no Soul , 8 agent, or 

these factors (laraHa)<somivx in producing the central result they 
are either instruments or ob]eot or agent etc But between 
two independent activities, as e g cooking rice and weaving cloth 
there can be no single agent in common 

1 jnana=saviLa1pala-jnano=arlIia-uic3a-pancchitlt 

2 vijnana=ciUa=manas~aTlh-mStrha-paricchi{li=nmlhnpa'ka- 
- jiiana=8atla-m/Ura-pradardana 

3 jnanasya 

* sarvalhS-abhavSt 

8 sarva-dharmah 

9 atialmdnali, the atman in this context covers our notions of 

Soul and of sabstancc, cp M vr p. 437 4. - 



227 )' 

continuant stuff. Indeed impersonal motions and 
processes axe clearly going on in nature without, any 
conscious agent. " 

‘ Madhyamika. You have quite misunderstood 
the Scriptural teaching about the separate momentary 
elements of existence. Neither do these separate 
elements ready exist. We have made this clear in 
our ’’Introduction into the Madhyamika System ”: 1 

XL VINDICATION OF PHENOMENAL 
REALITY 

Logician. Further, it is also possible to explain 
the fact that the expression ‘svalahsancf the thing in 
itself, the thing characterized only by its own self, 
does not involve any possessive relation by assuming 
that the relation is merely verbal. A relation or 
characterisation , 2 is possible even when there is no real 
characteristic beyond the characterized, e.g when we 
speak about the body of a statue and the head of 
Rahu, although there is nothing m the statue besides 
its body, and nothing in Rahu beyond just a head 
Is it not just the same as when we use the expression 
“solidity is the exclusive essence of solid bodies'” ? 
We use the possessive expression although there 
is nothing which could be called a solid body over and 
above this exclusive essence, (sc, the sense-datum of 
resistance .) 3 

1 e g Madhy a vat, VI 68 ff 

* mse&ana-visesya-bhava 

3 Lit p. 66.1-3 “Further, also, it may be that m the body of 
a statue, the head of Rahu, even if there is no characteristic 
beyond a body and a head, there is a relation of characteristic 



( 228 ) 

Madhyamika. It is not so. Both cases are not 
comparable. Indeed the words body and head are 
used in connection with other features usually coexis¬ 
ting with the, e g brains etc . 1 m the head, hands 
etc . 2 (with the body). Therefore if a representation 
anses whose object is suggested by these words taken 
by themselves, we naturally expect to find the usually 
coexisting parts also. - The questions “whose is thte 
body ” 2 “Whose is the head,” naturally suggest 
themselves And if some one is desirous to indicate 
that in the present case, the usual appurtenances are 
absent , 3 he repudiates the expectations (of his inter¬ 
locutor) by using words according to their conventional 
meaning m life, where they suggest such really existing 
appurtenances 4 But in the other case, no relation 

and characterised, just as in the ‘proper characteristic essence 
of earth ’ although there is no earth beyond the proper charac¬ 
teristic, there will be this relation ” 

1 Buddhyad * 

8 buddhy-upajananah for upajSta-buddhih, or “ filambana-buddhy- 
vpajananaJi, (so purusah) ” 

3 Bead p 66 6— vieiasaaniara-sambandha, and m the Tib hhyad 
par-gzhan 

4 Lit p 66 3-7 Indeed, since the words body and head are 
used in association (sSpehsatS-pravrattau) with other coexisting 
things, thoughts, etc hands etc a man who produces a thought 
intent upon only the words body and head is always (eva) in 
expectation of the coexisting other things, “whose the body'*, 
"whose the head *” And another man, wishing to discard 
the connection with other appurtenances, outs off the expecta¬ 
tion of his interlocutor (praUvaltuh ) by availing himself of 
expressions suggestive ( dhvamna ) of the non-existing appur¬ 
tenances of-the statue of Bahu, expressions which agree 



( 229 ) 

or characterization at all is possible, because there 
altogether are no solid bodies 1 over and above the 
sense-datum of resistance . 2 

Logician. Non-Buddhists 3 assume a separate 
reality of substance 4 (and quality). 

Are you not inclin ed, in order to do them pleasure , 6 
to assert that the use of adjectives in speech 6 is quite 
all right, that it corresponds to a real relation ? 

Madhyamika. No, indeed, for you it is not admis¬ 
sible to introduce into your system such categories as 
have been imagined by non-Buddhists on very poor 
grounds, or else you will be obliged equally to admit 

with their import in every day life This is natural But 
here Prati-larluh—na vastutah lutrtuh, the "supposed 
agent” of the possessive relation, or the counterpart of such 
relation, pratikartuh—pratiyogmaJi . (the expectation) of the 
counterpart ” 

1 pjihivyddi 

* latkmyadi 
8 tirflnia 

4 laksya C assails the doctrine of the absolute sva-kaksana 
on the ground that there must be a laksya behind the laksana 
and this reminds the realistic doctrine of the Yaiiesikas 
about a relation of inherence (samzvnya) between substance 
and quality, a relation which no Buddhist has ever admitted 
to be real The suggestion of the Logician is evidently ironical, 
it is a jeer at the fact that the hladhyamika prefers the realistic 
logic of the Naiyayikas and rejects the reforms of the Bnddhist 
logicians 

* tad-anurotfhena 

* viiesana-abhidhana - . - - 



( 230 l 

theit number of additional sources of cognition 1 and 
other things also 

The Logician. But is not our example of a 
merely verbal relation just the same as the generally 
admitted among Buddhists fact of the nominal 2 3 
personal identity® (in every individual’s life) * 

Madhyamika No, it is not the same. Your 
example refers to an expression, not to a theory The= 
possessive relation as a mode of expressmg oneself in 
every-day conversation, -without enquiring into its 
reality, exists. In speaking there is a possessor of a 
body The statue we say, possesses its own body. 
And here is a Rahu, the possessor of a head which is 
his possession, but in speech only This your example 
proves nothing . 4 

1 C admits the four pramanas of the Naiyayikas, cp below, text 
p 75 with the proviso that they will not help in the cognition 
of the Absolute. He here answers the gibe of the Logician with 
a counter gibe He apparently wishes to say, "I can admit 
the realistic logic without forsaking my transcendental doct¬ 
rine, hut you cannot For you the acceptance of the NaiyS- 
yika doctrine about the sources of our knowledge {pramana) 
would mean that yon would he obliged to give up your doct¬ 
rine of the double aspect of existence your two sources of 
knowledge, your “thing in itself" in fact all your epistemology ” 

2 prajSapti, a cheda is needed after prajnaphvat 

3 pudgala, the personality is different at every moment, its 
identity is a mental construction, it is an entity purely nominal 
[prajnapti-sat—iabda-mairam ) 

* Lit p 67 3-5 “Moreover like the nominal entity prajtiapli of 
a person etc * Because there exists the characteristic, being 
a part of usual conversation, well known without pondering, 
the oharactenstio of the statue, the possessor (upadalr) of the; 



(-231 ) 

Logician- However there is here nothing eke 
than a mere body and a mere head, no possessors of 
them, they are the only objects apprehended. The 
example is quite all right. 

Madhyamika. It is not at all so. Your example 
is taken from common conversation; it refers only to 
what holds good m a conversation in which there is no 
philosophic investigation of reality and the usual 
categories are accepted as real without scrutiny . 1 
Quite different is the case when the relation of substance 
and its appurtenances is philosophically considered. 
The notion of a substance 2 , mdeed, when critically 
examined, contains nothing real over and above 
the corresponding sense data Nevertheless the con¬ 
ventional thinking of common hfe assumes it to 
exist. It imputes it to the underlying reality of the 
groups 8 of sense-data and mental phenomena. But 

possession of its own body, (ava-ianm) and because Rabu, 
the possessor of the possession of a bead, exists, this example 
is not suitable” Although it incidentally happens that there 
is no real posiesnva relation, nevertheless the expression is 
wrong, since m other oases the realation exists The relation 
of substance and quality can be condemned on other, philoso¬ 
phical grounds, not on the ground of the adequate expression. 

1 Lit p. 67 7-8 “It is not so, since m common-lifc-conversation 
there is no investigation of reality (tUhamvicara) gomg on and 
the categories of common life exist without scrutiny” 

* Oiman, cp (inCitman ~\2 ayatan 3~3ense data and the mind, 
but no substance, atmasabdo'yam svabhava-iahda-paryayali. 
M. vr p. 437.4. 

* shaniha . 



( 232 ) 

your example does not mean that the same applies to 
the statue and to Hahn 1 . - * ' * 

f That there is thus no'substance , 2 in solid bodies® 
over and above the quality or sense-datum of resistance 4 
is proved by philosophical criticism . 6 It is true that 
a quality® cannot be imagined •without the support 
of some substance, but this is just what we call the 
surface , 7 or phenomenal reality. Substance and qua¬ 
lity are correlative terms, our Master Nagarjuna has 
established their reality 8 m that sense, 1 e. as a 
reality of mutual correlation , 8 none of them is real 
separately. 

The Madhyamika continues v This point is of 
capital importance; if must necessarily be conce- 

1 Lit p 67 0 “Tiierc is no such establishing of the example 
on the score that the same applies to the tot so and to Rfihu " 

* lalsya 
8 prtlnvyadi 
1 Lafhtuyadt 
5 mcaryamanam nasti 
lalsana 

7 samvftir eva tit 

8 siddht 

9 Lit p 67 11-12 “Nevertheless the Master has established 

the reality, siddhitn (ic of the phemomenal -world of the sam- 
vr ti) by the reality, {siddhya) of them both m-as-much-as 
they are mutually dependent upon one another The idea 
of 0 is t’-at the “thing in itself” svalalsana is no exception 
to the law of Universal Relativity The phenomenal here is 
an equivalent of the relative In the example of the body 
and the statue or Rahu and his head, there isno mutual mer- 
dependence of two pohenomenal realities, but simply a wrong 
verbal expression ' 



{ 233 ) 

rfled . 1 If it is not conceded, viz. if it is not admitted that 
.phenomenal means relative, it will prove impossible to 
* separate the phenomenal from what is logically consis¬ 
tent 8 and therefore real, and then every thing will 
be absolute reality , 3 since there will be no difference, 
there will be’ no phenomenal reality at all. You must 
not indeed think that the body of a statue and similar 
relations are the only cases where a thing, upon investi¬ 
gation, reveals itself as merely verbal and non-existing. 
We will prove in our fourth chapter 4 that colour, 
feeling and other fundamenal sense-data are likewise 
relational constructions and are impossible by them¬ 
selves Does it mean that we must deny their 
phenomenal reality, ]ust as we deny even the pheno¬ 
menal reality of e g. a separate body in the statue * 
This is lmposs'ble Therefore your vindication of 
the absolute, relationless ‘'tiling m itself” and the 

example adduced to lllustiate it is wrong . 6 _ 

1 Lit, p 67 12 "Of all necessity, (ca avadhSranan), this must be 
admitted so It is a point of capital importance that the 
world, as it is conceived phenomenally and Relativnty are 
equivalents. 

* From these words, we must conclude that whatsoever is for 0 
logically consistent (yad, yad upapannam) represents not pheno¬ 
mena, but absolute reality, (mo tat samvrtik) But since nothing 
short of the whole is logically consistent and real (the definition 
of reality, above p 41) all particular objects arc relative and 
logio dealing with them stands condemned. 

a tatlvam-eva 

* slandha-panlsa 

* This is a brilliant piece of very snbtle dialectics about the con¬ 
ception of a thing is itself C’s aim is to prove that it is also 

- relational since it is a thing characterised by itself, and contrasted 



( 234 ) 

The Logician. Now, what ib the use of such 
cavilling ? There is a general agreement between us. 

with a thing characterized not by itself, but by non-self Dig- 
nfiga, tries to prove by an example that the supposed relation is 
merely an inadequate expression 0 begins by criticising the 
the example The relation, says he (gildhabhtsandhih), between 
c g the elements of personality, ( pudgala ) and the personality 
itself is not tlio same as the relation between the body of a statue 
and its possessor In the first case, we have a possessive relation, 
the identity reveals itself on plulosop] ic examination, m the 
accond there is no relation at nil, but only a wrong expression, 
C now discloses his aim (ivfibJnprnyam vdgfifitayalt) and vindi¬ 
cates the phenomenal reality of the relation of substance and 
quality, and at the same time lie vindicates, upon Kantian lines, 
the necessity of assuming a transcendental reality which how¬ 
ever, he imagines on monistic lines TJ e body oi bodily frame 
of a statue, is but an irregular and perversive manner of speahmg, 
it means as much as "the statue of the statue” would mean. 
There is no real possessive relation But in such expressions as 
the “resistance of solid bodies” or “the olementsof a personality” 
there is a real possessive relation as far as phenomenal reality 
goes and its categories of substance and quality are regarded. 
It is not until philosophical analysis (wears )has condemned this 
relation as involved in contradictions and logically untenable 
(antipapanna) that wo are obliged to reject it as ultimately unreal, 
whether roality be dofined as efficiency (arth-lriya-lara), or as 
independent ( aiiapek&a) existence in itsolf (sva-bMva, svalalsana). 
But empirically there is absolutely nothing cognisable which 
would not involve this relation The 11 thing in itself” ( svdldksana) 
which by Dignaga is supposed to represent the absolute reality, 
outside every kind of relation, C holds equnlly to involve-a 
double relation, first of all a moment of objective reality corres¬ 
ponding to the moment of pure sensation, and then the relation 
of “the thing” to its characteristic "in itself”, since thiB 
characteristic has a meaning only if contrasted with or 




(' 236 ) 


Indeed I do not in the* least maintain that all onr 
familiar conceptions of cognition and cognisable 
represent absolute truth. I also deny the ultimate 
reality of the categories of substance and quality, 
but by this my epistemology 1 I claim to have estab¬ 
lished upon a logical foundation that condition of the 
external world which humanity at large believes to be 
real . 2 

relative to, the thing "not in itself”, l e the general, the- 
universal. The general and the extreme particular are thus 
correlative termB the one is no more absolute than the other. 
This non-absolute, this being relative {praspara-apeLsa), means 
the same as bemg phenomenal (samtj-lt) If -we do not accept 
that, there will be no hue of demarcation between the phenomenal 
and the absolutely real, C thus maintains that he has both a 
phenomenal reality, (samvfli) and a transcendental one, samv/ia); 
whereas Dignaga, in admitting the absolute reality of the ‘ ‘thing 
in. mself”, undermines this line of demarcation and has, as a 
matter of fact, no phenomenal reality at all. It would be of 
some interest to compare this doctrine of a thing itself, (sva- 
laksapa), with the doctrine of Kant The argument that if we 
do not admit any absolute reality then the phenomenal will 
cease to be phenomenal and will itself become absolute (tatlvam 
eva gym, na samvrtih) is quite the same as with Kant, as well 
as the conception that the thing m itself is a non-representable” 
Kant is fully aware that his conception of a “thing m itself’ is 
relatives it is, m lus words, "a correlatum to the unity of the 
manifold in sensuous intuition” (Critique of Pure Reason, transl 
by Max Muller, p 204) For Candrakmti "bemg correlative” 
means "having no reality in itself {svaMsana), he thus charges 
the "thing m itself’ with bemg also phenomenal, and he main¬ 
tains that there is no other phenomenality than relativity. 

1 amvna nyayena. 

* lolaprasidihih. 


(. 236 ) 

Madhyamika. It is for me to ask you, what is the 
use of your sophistry * You only explain the origin 
•of some perverse expressions current m common life. 
As to phenomenal reality, leave it alone, albeit its 
existence and shape is founded on mere confusion. 
It nevertheless is useful for acc umulating those 
fundamental virtues which bring final Deliverance to 
those who strive after it 1 It has some value only, as 
long as the philosophic comprehensien of the absolute 
reality is not attained. But you, by your wrong logic, 
destroy the foundation of this phenomenal reality 
The refinement of your intellect is led the wrong way, 
so far as the difference between what is absolutely 
real and what is only conventionally real is concerned. 
You are apparently establishing phenomenalism upon 
a logical basis mono point by assuming the underlying 
“thing in itself”, but at tbe same time you are under¬ 
mining it by your wrong logic m all other points * 
Now I come with a theory which really explains 
the importance of empirical reabty 

I take my stand on our usual unsophisticated 
conceptions, and then I set forth a series of arguments 
of which every one is intended to destroy some parti- 

1 This is the Madhyamika method of saving ithe moral law under 
phenomenalism The phenomenal world is not real, but useful, 
since by accumulating merit and knowledge (both are inseparable) 
m it, wo cognize its unreality As far as I can see, this means 
that the phenomenal world, although unreal ib nevertheless 
’ partly real Whether this method is a better one than the 
construction of a categorical imperative, m a phenomenal 
surrounding, must be left for the specialists to decide 
* Perhaps to read anyayato’ nyato naiayatt, ' 



( 237 ) 

cnlar usual conception of mankind. By tins method; 
I thoro ughly under min e the usual views It is only 
that I, like a venerable authority, am keeping back 
from neglecting the rules of usual decent behaviour 
(Le., of logic), but I do not undermine these rules, i.e. 
I do not deny their empirical reality 1 

Therefore, if it is true that you are also taking 

1 Lit. p 68 7-69 2 “We will also say the samo I Wliat for is this 
subtlety which introduces us into an expression of common life * 
Let it stand, first of all, for yonder “surface,” (samvrt i) whioh 
has reached an existence of its individuality, (aUna-bham) through 
logical inconsistency, (viparyaaa) it is a cause of accumulating 
the fundamental virtues which bring salvation to those who are 
desirous of Deliverance, (let it stand) until the knowledge of the 
Absolute, ( iattva-adhigama ) is readied But you, by your per- 
vesely sharp understanding of the division between phenomenal 
and absolute realities, after having introduced consistency, 
(upapatlt) into some pionts ( Itvacii ) you destroy this division by 
wrong logic (anyayataJi). But here I come, because I know how 
to establish phenomenalism (samvftisatya) taking my stand just 
on the philosophy, (Pdksa) of common sense, ( laultla ), I take 
one argument (upapatty-antaram) which is adduced for the criti¬ 
que ( nvrakarana ) of phenomenal reality and refute it by ano¬ 
ther (parallel) argument; like a mentor loha-vrddha —) I call to 
order, (nivartayami), just yourself, whenevei you set aide the 
rules of decency, (acara) accepted in the world, [second sense, 
“like an ancient authority on logic, known throughout the world, 
I am only refuting you whenever you depart horn the ground of 
common sense (1 okacara), but I do not deny phenomenal reality.)” 
Thus Candrakirti maintains, 1) that the phenomenal world and 
the world of Relativity are equivalents and 2) since logic is m 
any oaBe doomed as a means of cognizing the Absolute, he 
. prefers simple realistic logc to a transcendental logical 
doctrine. - - - 



(. 238 )’ 

your stand upon empirical reality 1 in assuming your 
two essences, the strictly particular and the universal, 
you are obliged to admit the existence of a staff which 
is characterized by these essences themselves Our 
criticism thus stands, i e , the criticism of the conception 
of an ultimate particular is not refuted However, 
if we take our stand on transcendental absolute reality 
then indeed we will deny the separate existence of a 
characterised substance. But then we will also deny 
both these your essences, and both your sources of 
knowledge 

And moreover you maintain that speech is not a 
source of knowledge and that the meaning of our 
words m purely negative , 2 you do not admit that 

1 Op above text p 58 14 p 140 

* According to the Indian grammarians and realistic logicians, a 
sentence contains an expression of an action associated with an 
agent and factors ( Xaraka ) or circumstances This theory of 
speech the Madhyamika accepted witli the aforesaid proviso 
But the school of Dignaga have a special theory of 

- their own about the meaning of words according to which 

words express only relations, or mutual negations ( apdha= 
parasapara-parihara—anya-vyavrtti «= vyavaccheda = pancchcda) 
between pomt-instants Reality is even chaiaotcnsed as 
that what can never be expressed in speech (paramdrthasal** 
soalalsana =■=■ pratyaLsa — mrvilalpalaana =■ bhtlapya ) The 

Madhya mika here hints at this theory and sets forth the 
argument that if speech could express nothing real, nothing 
positive no actions agents etc , then it would he impossible 

- for people to enter into conversation This remark is of 
’ course more of a glib gibe and unfair, since the Madhyamika’s 

own ultimate reality is also inexpressible m speech (ntspra- 
panca=*anab7uldpya*=anupaViya, prapanca^val) But Candra- 


( 239 ' 

analysis of our speech which imphes the ieahty of 
actions, factors and their connection. This indeed 
is a very great disaster. When yon speak, you make 
use of these very words which express actions, factors 
and their connection, but you yourself do not admit 
the reality of their meaning, of these actions, these 
agents etc. Alas' 'your attitude 1 is influenced" by 
mere desires 

And if, as we have shown, the duality of every 
thing cognizable is a moot point, then we must agree 

kirbi thinks that no improvement m the logic of the Realists 
is needed, no critical theory of cognition, no “thing m itself’ 
and no negative theory of speech ( apoha ) The logic of the 
Naiyayikas can be accepted wholesale foi the phenomenal 
aspect of the world, and for the Absolute, no logic at all is 
needed The school of Dig- naga, as well as the Hfimyanists, 
can maintain that they also admit a doable aspect of life, 
one on the surface (earourfi) and one ultimate {paramdrlha) 
or concealed (sa-mvrta) op Abb ko6a, V 12, but C is 
persuaded that his vindication of an empirical ieahty has a 
greater force The Madlvyamikas are the inventors of the 
doctrine of a doable truth which they probably contrasted 
with the “four truths ” of the Hinayana op Madliyt, XXIV, 
8 This is also partly the leason why the Madhyamikas, 
and their followers the Vedantins. deem it permissible freely to 
use the arguments of Naiyayikas when combating Buddhist 
Idealism, cp above p 38n, 3 At Snharsa’s lime, when the 
enemy is no more the Buddhist, but the Naiyayika, this 
attitude ohanges 

- 1 Bead pravrttild C. is here playing with, the double meaning of 
"tccha” “desire” and “tenet”, “Your behaviour is bound by such 
theories as are merely fantastical desires”, i e yon are not acting 
- m accordance with your tenets, if speech is only apoha yon ought 
not to speak at all ” 




( 240 ) ' 

with those who admit other Bources of knowledge, 
besides sensation and thought, as eg. Revelation- 
etc., since these sources of knowledge are not devised 
with a view strictly to agree with the duality of every¬ 
thing cognizable, the particular and the universal. 

XLI. THE DEFINITION OF THE SENSE J 
PERCEPTION 

Madhyamika Further your theory of an extreme 
particular as the “thing in itself”, is wrong, because 
-your definition 1 . of sense-perception, through which 
it is supposed to be apprehended is deficient It is 
too narrow, it does not cover such every-day expressions 
as the “jar is a perception”, le the physical object 
befoie us is perceived and these usual expressions of 
the ordinaiy man® should likewise be taken into acco¬ 
unt Therefore your definition is wrong 

The Logician It might have been wrong, but 
for the following considerations. Perceived are 
directly the sense data, eg a patch of dark colour 
etc They make up the physical object, the jar. 
Sense perception, as a source of knowledge, distin¬ 
guishes only that But the cognition of the physical 
obj'ect which is a mental construction lesuUmg from 

1 The definition here alluded to is Dignaga’s definition “sense- 
perception is quite free from all synthetic operation of thought 1 ’ 

( lalpanapodha), op Nyfiynbindu, p 6 16 
'2 an-aryn, the non-Saint ‘The Buddhist damt, being a philoso¬ 
pher who has changed all usual habits of thought, directly realizes 
that what he perceives are only momentary sense-data, the 
remainder is construction Dignaga’s definition may be a right 
description of his perception, but will not cover the usual view. 



( 241 ) 


sense-perception is likewise called sense-perception 
by a metaphor. Snch metaphors we find in Scripture, 
e g. when it is stated that the advent of Buddhas is a 
weal, instead of stating that it produces weal. We 
impute to the cause what really belongs to the effect. 
Just so, by a converse metaphor, from the cause to the 
effect, we say that the physical object, the jar. is- 
perceived, while only its causes, the sense data, are 
really perceived 1 

Madhyamika To assume a natural metaphor in 
such cases as the perception of a jar is impossible. 
Qiute different is the case of the advent of a Buddha. 
Indeed a birth, i e. the process of a birth, is held in or¬ 
dinary life as the reverse of pleasure (It is not the 
blissful Quiescence of the Forces of fife) It is essen¬ 
tially produced through the cooperation of a plurality 
of biotic forces 2 It is a cause of very much pain 
By itself it is anything but a weal Nevertheless it 
is here called a weal There is a contradiction . 3 In 
such cases, we assume a metaphor. The advent of a 

1 Lit, p. 70 1-3. “But let it be. The blue eto. the substratum of 
the jar, oxc evident, smoe they axe bemg determined by percep¬ 
tive cognition. Hence just as by impnting the effect to the 
cause, it is said that the birth of Buddha is agreeable, so the 
jar, although its causes are the evident blue etc., by imputing 
the cause to the effect, is called a perception ” 

2 samshjia-lahsana-svabJiava, ”it has the essence of the foroes of 
life,’’ about the four forms (samshara) which are called sanisbrla- 
lalsana cp. my Central Conception, p. 39 There is no other 
weal for the Buddhist as the Quiescence l e. extinction of all life 
in an Absolute. 

* asambaddha an. 




( 242 ) 

Buddha, although also painful by itself, is nevertheless 
a weal, because it produces the weal of Quiescence in 
Nirvana. The case is different with’ a perceived jar. 
We have no such separate thing as an invisible jar 
which could be called perceived metaphorically 

The Logician. On the contrary, just because 
there is no jar over and above the corresponding sense- 
data, it is convenient to maintain that its perceptibility 
is a matephor 

Madhyamika If you take it so, the metaphor is 
still less possible, because the object which you meta¬ 
phorically endow with perceptibility does not exist at 
all You cannot speak ab out the sharpness of the horns 
on the head of the donkey even metaphorically 1 
Moreover, if you assume that the jar which is a part of 
our every-day experience is perceived by us m a 
metaphorical sense, because there is no such jar over 
and above the sense-datum of a dark patch of colour 
etc then you are bound to take the next step and con¬ 
demn the patch of dark colour as well, since it also does 
not exist over and above the sense-datum of something 
resistant 2 Then, please, assume that the patch of daik 

1 Lit p 70 9 " Because there is no substratum for what is being 

used as a metaphor ” In the first case, the really, existing 
sense-data were the substratum, and physical object jar 
superimposed upon them It was answered that you cnimot 
superimpose a thing you nowhere have perceived In the 
second the relation has been reversed and it is supposed that 
the non-existmg jar is the substratum upon which the sense-data 
are superimposed This is still less possible.’ r . ' ‘ - r • 

* Lit 70 11 “there is no blue etc beyond earth nto r, f : i * ’ ’ : 



( 243 ) 

■colour is also perceived in a metaphorical sense. This 
lias been, expressed in the following verse . 1 
Just as there is no jar 
Beyond its colour, 

Just so there is no colour 
Beyond resistance.® 

Therefore this and similar usual expressions are 
-not covered by your definition of perception. It is 
-quite deficient, since it does not cover the whole of its 
subject matter. Now, from the transcendental point 
of view , 3 we equally condemn the perception of the 
physical objects, the jar, as well as the perception of 
the sense data, blue etc. On the contrary, tom the 
■empirical view of every-day hfe, we must admit that 
the jar is perceived. This has been expressed in one 
of the four hundred verses of Aryadeva in the following 
.manner, 

A transcendentalist 4 will never say 
“We see a patch of colour, not a jar,” 

Or a “jar is present before us”. 

* CatubSataka XIV 14 

* Lit p 71 2 "just so there ib no colour beyond wind etc. Earth, 
wind etc are the four fundamental elements of Matter, ( maha- 
MUia), which are cognised exclusively by touch, {spatfavya-aya- 
iana),-thus colour, [rupa-ayatam-) is here reduced to a tactile 
phenomenon Op. the contention of modem empiricism which 
reduces our notion of Matter to sense-data and the sense-data 
to the one fundamental sensation of resistance About Matter 
offering resistance {sapratighatm) to sight, op Ah. Kofebh ad. 

, . 1-29. 

P* tattva-vid-apeUayd. 

* taltoa-vid. 




( 244 ) 

In following just this line of argument 
Ills sovoicign mind will equally deny 
The soft, the fiagianfc and the sweet . 1 

Thcie is, however, another explanation of whnt- 
pom'ption irally means The woid perception simply 
means a thing which is not beyond the range of our- 
bcnsc (It does not mean its cognition tlirongli our 
senses) An object which is picsent and faces us is 
thus called a pci cepl ion- .Tars, patches of bine colour 
and similar physical objects are called peiceptions when 
they arc not beyond the range ot sight A perception 
thus means an object winch has been approached 
by our senses 3 The coricspondmg definite cognition 
is also called poiccption by a metaphor, because it is 
the cause which makes the object evident, just as we 
speak ol a "straw fue” or “husk fuc” metaphorically, 
instead of saying fire producing burning straw or 
burning liusk. 

1 CVtuh&itaka, XIII, 1-2 

8 The origin of tins definition —yratyalfam aparolfam "perception 
is tlio object not beyond our ken," con be traced in the Brit or. 
Upanislind, III 4.1 and III 5 1 It is adopted m the later 
scholastic Vedanta, cp Vcdunta-pariblmsS, p 12 (Bombay 1900 
Venkatcfivar). It is also mentioned by Udayana, Pari^nddhi, 
p. 647 (B I) It soems probable that the Madhyamikas have 
borrowed it from the Vedantins To tho Madhyamikas, it sugges¬ 
ted the omm-prosonoo of Buddlm’B dliarma-l&ya, just aa to tho 
Vedhntras it suggested tho omnipresence of *ajmrolsam brahma’ 
cognised by mystio intuition Op. above, p 45. 

* 8 Lit. p 70 10-11 By mooning "in it the sense is approached,, 
tho perceptibility of jars, blue eto not being beyond the ken,. 
it established.” 




( 245 ) 

There is a philosopher 1 * * who has given the follow¬ 
ing interpretation of the term perception Perception is 
that kind of knowledge which exists in close conncc- 
-fcion with each sense faculty (This could also mean that 
■sense knowledge is a knowledge about the senses, a 
knowledge whose objects are the senses ) This inter¬ 
pretation is wrong, because sense perception is not a 
knowledge about the senses, it is a knowledge about the 
objects® of the senses. If Ins interpretation were cor¬ 
rect, we should speak not of sense perception, but of 
■“object-perception” or of “tlung-perception”, 

Be it as the case my be, we find in the Abhidhar- 
raakosa the following explanation Sensation® is 
pioduced by a double cause, the sense faculty and its 
object Nevertheless it receives its name only through 
one of its causes, the organ in which the corresponding 
sense faculty is lodged, because sensation changes m 
degree, according to the changes by which the faculty 
may be affected 4 To sharp or feeble faculties corres¬ 
pond sharp or feeble sensations. We then have visual 
and other sensations Thus, although a perception 
changes with every object , 5 nevertheless it receives its 

1 The definition of Pra4atapfida is hero alluded to, ep Prnfinstp 
p 186 12 The etymological explanation of the Naiynyikas docs 

not differ mateiially, ep Nyftyavart p 30 4 Nyayahuidu, p. 
6 4 makes a difference between the etymology and the real 
meaning 

a msaya-vtsaya. a vynana 

4 Ab. KoSa. I 45 

* Lit p 72 5-7 “Thus although it exists with reference to every 
object nevertheless, it will be sense perception, because, existing' 
as lodged in every sense-organ, sensation is designated by its 
residence.” 




( 246 ) 

name according to the place where it is lodged It- 
exists as lodged in different sense organs, it is thns 
sense-perception, (not object-perception). It is cus¬ 
tomary to name a thing by its specific cause, e g. 
the sound “of a drum”, although it is also the sound of 
the sticks, the sprout “of barley” although it is also- 
the sprout of the soil etc 

Madhyamika There is no analogy between the 
example of the sound of a drum and the above men¬ 
tioned designation of sense perception instead of ob¬ 
ject-perception If sensation be specified according 
to the object, one could specify oui sensations as colour- 
sensations etc 1 But we could not specify in this way 
all the six lands of sensations, since mental or intellec¬ 
tual sensation is a sixth land of sensation, which is 
apprehending the same object simultaneously with the 
external sense Indeed, if we include in the term sensa¬ 
tion all its six varieties, beginning with the visual ones 
and including the intellectual ones, we might be quite- 
unceitain what to think when some one would mention 
the term (visual) sensation We will not know whether 
it means only the sensation produced by the external 
sense, or it is meant to include the corresponding inter¬ 
nal sensation , the mental reaction 2 also But if we 
specify sensations according to the oigan in which they 
are lodged, although mental sensation can refer to the 
same object to which visual and other sensations like¬ 
wise refer, nevertheless their mutual distinction wilL 
m that case, he clearly established (if they were called 


1 iviladi-lijnana 

2 manasa 



( 247 ) 

according to their object, since the object can be the 
same when different sensations are meant, confusion 
would arise). 

However, in this case you are merely concerned 
with giving a definition of what the sources of know¬ 
ledge are You accordingly assume that sense- 
knowledge is simply that kind of knowledge where all 
constructive thought is brushed aside, (it is pure passive 
sensation ) 1 Just the contrast with thought is in your 
opinion its characteristic No purpose is served by 
naming its varieties according to their specific causes 2 

1 lalpandpodha is the celebrated definition of Dignaga discussed 
almost m every Indian philosophical woik—It mahes a difference 
between the first moment in every perception, it is then pure 
sensation, it is passive, involving absolutely no thought-cons¬ 
truction But the next step which is also perception, repre¬ 
sents the construction of an image by synthetic thought, (w- 
lalpana anugamyate) The distinction has a great importance 
for DignSga, because he thinks that m this pure sensation, this 
so to say, “rerne Smnhchkeit", the “pure object” ( iuddha-artha ), 
the “thing in itself” ( svalaLsana ) reveals itself to onr conscious¬ 
ness. It is interesting to compare the controversy between 
Eberhard and Kant on a similar question. Eberhaid assumed 
that he was opposing Kant when he maintained that the “thing 
in itself” reveals itself in onr sensations (Emfindungen), hut 
Kant conceded the point “nun ist das ehen (viz dass dte Dinge 
an etch der Smnhchleit t hren Stoff geben ) dte beslartdtnge Behaup- 
lungder KrUtk, “ cp. Ueber, etne Entdeckung, naclt der etc p. 
p 35 (Kirchmann) 

2 Bit. 73 4-6 “But here, with a view to expressing the essence of 
the sources of cognition (pramana), the absence of synthesis 
(kalpana) alone is admitted as perception, because the peculi¬ 
arity of this mode of cognition is found m its difference from 
constructive (dichotomising, mkalpaka) cognition, by naming 
it according to its special cause, no usefulness is indicated " 



( 248 ) 

Now, the number of the sources of our knowledge exact¬ 
ly corresponds to the number of the cognized cate¬ 
gories of existence You have established the character 
of both your sources of knowledge m strict correspon¬ 
dence with the double character of the cognizable 
To this strict correspondence they owe their existence 
and their shape You should, therefore, remain al¬ 
ways faithful to your principle of designating cognition 
only according to its object To name it according to 
the organ of sense would serve no purpose (from your 
standpoint ) 1 

However the Logician may vindicate his interpre¬ 
tation by the following consideration The word 
sense-perception is generally known to every one 
The word sense-perception is not used as a designation 
of what we here have m our mind JFor this reason, 
we adhere to the interpretation that the term sense- 
perception means perception through the sense-organs, 
through the place where the sensations are lodged, it 
does not mean the perceived object 

The Madhyamika answers This is true, the word 
perception is veiy well known m common life, and we, 


1 Lit 73 6-8 “And since tlie existence of the number of the 
sources of cognition is dependent upon the objects of cognition 
and because the essenoe of such two sources of cognition has been 
established which have attained their shape (Slmabhdva) and 
existence ( solid) exclusively by conforming to the double form 
of the oognizable, the designation through the sense-organ helps 
nothing, thus or in every respect the designation just by the 
object is the right one ” 



( 249 ) 

not you, are using it just in what sense it is used m 
’Common life . 1 Your interpretation is made with utter 
disregard of what is established as real in. common life. 
Generally known m your interpretation is only the utter 
disregard of what is really generally known, because 
in your interpretation, as pure sensation, it would not 
even mean perception 2 

And moreover, since you give to the term a genera¬ 
lizing sense of what is present in all sensations, the case 
of single raiment of visual sensation, which is produced 
by a single moment of the faculty of vision, will not 
be coveted by your definition And then, if a single 
moment of perception will thus (according to this 


1 pralyaJLsa menus also an object "evident”, present. 

4 Lit p 73 4. “well known could be your distortion, ituasLara) 
■of the term “well known” and therefore it wonld not be thus 
sense-perception ” The pralyatea in Dignaga's and Dhorma- 
Mrti’s interpretation, meaning as it does a moment of pare, 
undifferentiated sensation, represents, indeed, something quite 
unknown in common life The divergence between the common 
idea of peception and Dignaga’s conception of pure sensation is 
much more considerable than the divergence between it and the 
Madhyamika-Vedanta definition of perception as the thing per¬ 
ceived, since the Sanskrit term far perception [pratyaksa) is a 
word very commonly used in the sense of a thing present, evident, 
perceived Dharmottara himself calls that kind of pure percep¬ 
tion which is imagined by Bnddhist something “hardly existing” 
asat-hdpa, cp Nyaya-bindu p. 16. This retort of the Madhya- 
mika is, nevertheless, not quite fair, because tbe follower of Dig- 
naga, when maintaining that perception is not the object, but 
its cognition, does not refer to pure sensation, but to perceptive 
cognition which includes a moment of sensation. 




( 230 ) 

definition) not be perception, neither will a number of' 
them be peiception 1 

Now, you maintain that sense-perception is only 
that kind of cognition which is quite free from any 
participation m it of constructive thought However 
with such pure sensation alone you will not be able to 
converse with your fellow beings. Nevertheless you 
pretend to analyse the course which cognition and 
its object take m common life It follows that that 
sort of sense-knowledge which you assume, (sc pure 
sensation) is quite useless 

Madhynmika You are also vindicating your 
theorj r of peiception by referring to Scripture where 
it is stated that “a man, having a visual sensation of 
a patch of blue colour apprehends blue, but does not 
know that it is blue”, the definite knowledge is produced 
by a subsequent operation of contrasting blue with not 
blue . 2 But in your opinion this scriptural deliverance 

1 Lit. p 73 3-4 “And there will he no perception-character 
[pralyabsalva) of one usual sensation, (caksur-vijffSnasya), 
possessing an underlying (< airayasya ) single moment of the sense- 
faculty {mdriya-Vsans), because of the absence of the meaning 
of generalisation (« psa) ” 

3 This very important text from an unknown Sgama is mentioned 
already by Dignaga in his pramana-samvccaya-vrtlt, I 4, as a 
quotation from the abhidhnrma (chos-mnon-palas) m support of 
the theory Tins could prove that Dignaga’s theory of pure 
sensation was foreshadowed in previous Sautrantika works 
Kamalaiila examines it at length in his Nyaya-bindupflrva-paksa- 
sanksipti (Bastan-hgyur, 3Ido CXI, f 112 fl) Vasubandhu’s 
definition of pralyalsa is quite different, cp Pramana-samuccaya 
115, and NySyavarti, p 42 




( 251 ) 


is not meant to give any definition of sense-perception.. 
It only is meant to notify that the sensations of tlie 
five external sense-organs alone, -without the partici¬ 
pation of a conscious element, remain unconscious 
Sensation which is absolutely bare of every element of 
synthetic thought cannot be maintained to represent 
perception, even on the basis of Scripture. This would 
be wrong 

Therefore from the empirical , 1 (not from the trans¬ 
cendental), point of view, everything without excep¬ 
tion is called present , 2 (1 e a perception), when it is 
directly perceived by the senses, whether it be your 
strictly particular essence or the general essense of 
the thing 8 (possessing these both essences) A percep¬ 
tion is thus determined as meaning the object of percep¬ 
tion together with its cognition 4 The double moon 
and similar illusions will not be sense-perceptions, if 
compared with the cognitions of a man with a normal 
capacity of vision, but for the man suffering from oph¬ 
thalmia, it will be just Jus sense-perception 

As regards cognition of objects lying beyond the 
range of our senses, it is produced by a perceived mark 
which is invariably concomitant with them. It is 
called inference 

The words of specially qualified persons who direct¬ 
ly perceive transcendental things 5 are called Scripture 

1 loke ' ------ 

2 aparolaa 
8 latyya 

* jiJanena saha, according to Dignaga pratyaUu, when pure {htddha) 
is not jndna, but Dharmakirti brings it under the Lead of sam- 
yag-jnana, cp TSlparyat, p, 102 17 
5 afindrtyGrtha 


( 252 ) 

If something that has never been experienced is 
cognized through a description, so far as it has been 
declared to be similar to another thing which has been 
experienced by us—this is called analogy, e g when 
we aie told that a gavaya whom we have never seen 
is some animal similar to a hull. 

By these four methods of cognition is our know¬ 
ledge of objects determined and our actions guided m 
common life . 1 

But if we are then asked on what transcendental 
basis four of these methods of usual cognition repose, 
we will bo obhgcd to confess that their reality is 
relative 8 The cognizable things exist so far as cogni¬ 
tions exist and vice versa, cognitions exist so far as 
the cognizable objects exist 

But 3 m no case is there any independent absolute 

1 Those are exactly the four sources of knowledge admitted by 
the Realists, the Naiyayikas 

2 parasparSpeLsayd stddha=6unya 

8 Here Candraldrti winds up this remarkable controversy with 
Dignaga by admitting realistic logic in the empirical field, but 
not in. the transcendental, and by rojeotmg Dignaga’s reform 
which,although professing to be a logic of common sense ( lautila ,) 
aimed at establishing a transcendental reality of a “thing in 
itself 11 For describing the fact that phenomenal reality is 
established in his system on a firm basis, he uses two words, it 
is salt/a “a truth,’ 3 and it is sidhdha, “established as a reality”. 
However, it is a “surface truth” {samvltt-salya) and it is “esta¬ 
blished as a relative reality” (prasparSpelsayS siddka), not 
absolutely {no <u svabhavena ) Dignaga retorts that he has 
also two realities, the relative reality of all our conceptions and 
the absolute reality of the "thing in itself ” Indeed the follow- 
-ers of Aryasanga and Dignaga are frequently characterised 




( 253 ) 

reality 1 either of our cognitions, or of the objects 
cognised Therefore let us be satisfied with the usual 
view of the phenomenal world, just as it is cognised by 
us from experience . 2 

Enough of this discussion. 

Let us revert to our subject matter. 


as being also Madhya mi kas (i.e. relativists) because they adhere 
to the doctrine that all our conceptions have merely a relative 
value (paralanira). But Candralnrti insists that Dignaga's 
“thing in itself’ is also relative, that he has thus failed to grasp 
the real profound meaning of the doctrine of the two realities, 
the Relativity is the “surface" of the Absolute , it Las its real 
stand as such a surface Therefore m ch-XXV 9 and XXV 
20 Nagarjuna will emphatically assert the essential identity of 
the Absolute and the Phenomenal, of Nirvana and SamsSra, 
cp translation below, p 200, The Absolute of Naragjvma and 
CandreaMrti has thus a certain similarity with the “Enzaimn 
of Parmenides, whereas the “thing in itself’ of Dignaga has 
some points of similarity with the Hoc Ah quid (=kuncid idam) 
of Aristotle. The Madhyamika view can he clearly realized out 
of the following equations. (1) samifti (suitace),=paraspard- 
peksd (xeh,tvnty)~lola=lauhM- j uyavas{ha<=‘pTapaffca (plurahsm) 
=pratitya — samutpada — (dependentlv-together-ongination)— 
iunyatd=mhsvab7iavald=sai/jsdTa=D]i&rme.-'k&y& =the manifes¬ 
ted world =onniproaeseutja Dei phaenomenon (2) samofta 
("under the surface)=ffflapefo<r=(nonrelative) — param&rtha 
(absolute)=nt«-j>wpaffax (non-plural) =amnacaniya’=adun(a 
(monwbic)==pralilyasamutp5ia (i e., Samvrtah piatlyta-samut- 
padah)=£iinyata i.e. SaTnvrta-^unyata=sasvabi avata= tathata 
=dharmata=»m!afla = Dharma-Hya = the world sub specie 
aetermlatis. 


1 svabMml&siddJiih. 





( 254 ) 

The Sublime Buddhas have also preached their 
•doctrine m adapting it just to the habits of thought 
of common h umanity 1 

XLII THE HINAYANA THEORY OF 
CAUSATION EXAMINED. 

From our correhgiomsts 2 Hinayamsts, we 
receive regarding this our denial of causation the 
following reply 3 We agree with you, they say, 
that entities cannot arise out of themselves, so far 
the production of a thing already existing out of its 
-own self is useless That entities cannot arise out 

1 laulilam dar/anam, “philosophy of common sense” as opposed 
to darlana, real philosophy 
* svayuihya 

3 About tho general idea of Oiusahty, ( prality-samvtpaia) m 
Hinayana cp above p 39 About its special application to the 
evolution of life in 12 oonseoutive stages, ep O Hesenberg, 
Problems, Ch-XIV, My Central Conopetion, p 28 n and above 
p, 134 The sohools of Hinayana were, moreover, engaged in 
classification of varieties of coordination between the separate 
momentary elements m which existence had been split They 
thus established different pratyayas of the praMya-samutpala 
The calssification into four varieties here mentioned belongs to 
the school of the Sarvastivadinas, It has been supplemented 
"by a further classification into six different hetus, which probably 
is later than Nfigarjima, since it is not mentioned by him The 
Pali school had devised a classification into 21 pratyayas. The 
full theory of the Sarvash-vadtns is given in Ab Kofa, II BOff. 
Pratyaya when contrasted with Jietw means condition in general, 
und beta cause (special) Otherwise both these terms are veiy 
-often used as synonvms All the very' interesting details of 
-their connotation can he realised only through a careful study 
of the abhxiharma 




( 255 ) 

-of both sources i.e. out of a pre-existing stuff and 
-separate agents is also true, since one half of this 
-solution is invalidated, by ourdemal of a pre-exi8tmg 
-substance. 

The last eventuality, viz. that every thing 
exists at random without any causal link at all, is 
absolutely poor. It is quite right to dismiss it with¬ 
out much consideration But if you also maintain 
that neither are existent things caused by some¬ 
thing separate from them, this we do not admit. 
The Buddha has specified that existing things have 
causes producing them and that these causes are 
substantially different from the thing produced. 

The Hlnayana maintains 

II Four can be the conditions. 

Of everything produced 

Its cause, its object, its foregoing moment. 

Its most decisive factor 

There is no fifth condition. 

Among them, the cause is what turns out 2 
Such is the definition. Therefore, if one entity 
turns out the other, i.e. if their mutual position 
is similar to that of a seed versus a sprout, 3 it 
is called its cause, this is the first condition, the 
cause in general sense. If something when being 
produced, is intent upon an object, something else, 

1 fflhipateya=adhipati-j)ratyaya —/ 

.* nirwurthaka 

^ The seed is the_ adhtpali-praiyaya^Mrana-Jielu—asMharma- 
MraVa of the sprout, op p 86 17, Lereit exemplifies a condi¬ 
tion in general 1 - - '_ " 


( 2CG ) 


as e g. a sensation which is always intent upon an. 
object, the latter is called its objective condition 

The foregoing condition for the production of 
a result is the evanescence of its material cause e.g 
the foregoing destruction of the seed is a condition 
for the production of the sprout 

The decisive or predominant condition is that 
decisive fact which being efficient, the result (in¬ 
evitably) appears Such are the four lands of 
possible conditions 

If there be other circumstances, previous, 
contemporaneous or posterior to an event, they- 
are all to be included in one of these categories 
A supreme Deity and similar transcendental condi¬ 
tions do not exist Therefore the author puts limit 
“there is no other, fifth land of condition” Entities 
arise under these conditions which are not identical 
with the thing produced In such sense there is 
production (or coordination with) things other 
than the thing produced 

Wo answer. Neither are entities produced out 
of (or coordinated with) conditions which are 
substantially separate from them. 

ITT In these conditions we can find, 

No self-existence of the entities. 

Where self-existence is deficient, 
Relational existence also lacks. 

If the produced entities 1 had any pre-existence® 

1 bhav&nam harydnam 

2 ulpddal purvctm satlvam 



( 557 ) 

at all, in their own causes and con< ^ t }°. ns 
which are something different from these entities 
themselves whether in all the combination of them or 
in some of them separately or both in all of them 
and in every one of them, or (even if they existed) 
somewhere outside the combination of their causes 
and conditions then alone could they appear out of 
them Bnt this is not so They do not pre-exist. If 
they did, they would have been perceived, and their 
new production would have been useless. Therefore 
the conditions and causes of an entity do not contain 
any real existence of the result. 1 If they do not 
contain its real existence, neither do they contain 
its relational existence 2 Existence, relation, 
production, 8 are synonyms. Production out of 
something extraneous means relation 4 toi t, (some 
Mnd of pre-existence in it). This is impossible. 
Therefore it is wrong to maintain that entities can 
be produced out of conditions which are different 
from them. 

Bnt then the Hinayanist would maintain that 
the produced entities, such as a sprout etc. do not 
really exist m their cause, such as seeds etc. as long 
as the latter have not undergone any change. 
(But when they are changed the result appears). 
Otherwise the latter would appear without any 
cause altogether. (This is what they call their 
relation to other entities which are their causes). 

1 svabhavah 
* parabh&vaJi 

a bhavamm, bhava, utpudah 
4 bhava, op in harya-lMrana-bham. 



( m ) 

But in what sense 1 * are we to understand the 
“otherness” 8 of causes and conditions. When 
both Maitra and his help-mate are present, we can 
assert that they are two separate entities which 
depend upon one another in producing a piece of 
work together. But this kind of co-existence is not 
found between a sprout and a seed Therefore when 
results do not possess such separate existence of their 
own, their relation, the “otherness” of the sprout 
in regard to the seed, is absent. The designation of 
it as “other” becomes meaningless and this alone 
makes production out of something extraneous 
impossible. 

The Hinayanist’a appeal to Scripture betrays 
his utter ignorance of its real intention. Never 
did the Buddhas preach something contrary to 
reason 3 What the real aim of their doctrine is 
we have indicated above, we have namely indicated 
that the doctrine of causality refers to the pheno¬ 
menal world. 4 

.XLIII. THE EXISTENCE OF SEPARATE 
ENERGIES DENIED 

When the philosopher who maintains the origi¬ 
nation of entities out of other entities which are 
their causes, has been thus dismissed, another one 
sets forth a theory of origination through special 

1 htmapekfam. 

3 paratva. 

3 yvkU-vtruddha. 

* cp above text-p 5410 




( 259 ) 


energies. 1 The organ of vision, ooIouib and the 
other causes of the visual sensation are not pro¬ 
ducing it directly. They are called causes because 
they call forth an energy* capable of producing 
sensation. This energy 3 then actually produces 
visual Bensation Thus the causes, as separate 
entities, do not produce sensation. Its real pro¬ 
ducer 4 is a corresponding energy, an energy in¬ 
herent in the causes 5 and creative® of sensation. 
Analogous is the physical energy of heat 7 which 
produces eg. cooked rice 

We answer ■ 

IV. No energies in causes, 

Nor energies outside them 
No causes without energies. 

Nor causes that possess them. 

If an energy producing sensation does really 
exist, it must be associated with such causes as the 
organ of vision etc But this is impossible. Why ? 
Because we will then be asked whether this assumed 
energy is supposed to appear when this sensation 
already existB, or before it or simultaneously with 

1 Nsgarjuna avails Himself of the term hnyd {=jani-Tcnya in 
the sense of energy or function Later it is replaced by the 
term vy&pdra which is also used by Candrakirti, cp p 329-10— 

* jani-hnyS. 

* bnya. 

* mjBSna-jantka. 

* pratyayavatl 

* vyUdna-jant-hnyd 
7 Read paci-Lnyd. 



( 260 ) 

it ? The first alternative must be rejected. If the 
sensation is already produced, the energy is useless 
The energy is supposed to produce something 
But if it is already produced, what has the energy 
to do ? This has been expressed m our Madhya- 
mika Introduction thus— 

The second birth of something born 
Should never be admitted, etc. 

Neither is the existence of an energy to be 
assumed in the causes previously to the sensation. 
This we have expressed in the same work thus,® 

This energy cannot take shape. 

As long as the result 3 is absent. 

Neither is the existence of an energy just at 
the moment of production possible, because a thing 
is either produced or not yet produced, there is 
no existence between these two moments It 
has been said— 

"What is being produced is not produced, 
Because it’s only half-produced 
Or else all things without exception 
Would nascent always be 4 

1 M av VI8 

* Ibid 01 29 cp M vr p 545 

3 larira vina, lit "-without the maker” sc without the result as 
maker or shaper of the energy The future vySdna is here 
envisaged as the shaper, ( [hartna-k&rala) of its own producer 

4 Lit p 80 3-4 “Because the nascent is half-bom, the nascent is 
not born. Otherwise the condition of being nascent would 
attach ('prasajyate) to everything” 




( 261 ) 


to Mamed energr <*®* * ’<***“! 
fa m ore of to toe H"» G»*. I"™ 1 . 
fatJj it dots not =W> altogoto*- Nagoqm , 

therefore, says. 


No energies in causes. 

We have commented upon this point in out 
Madhyamika Introduction, when explaining tha , 
Without something characterized 
There can be no characteristic feature, etc, 1 


Indeed the non-existing son of a barren woman 
cannot be characterized as the possessor of a cow, 
since he neither did nor does, nor will exist, (inc 
non-existing energy cannot appertain to a cause.) 

But then an energy might perhaps exist alone 
without being the possession of a cause ? This is 


No energy outside the causes. 

If, therefore, there is no energy in the causes, 
there neither can be any energy outside them, it 
would then be an uncaused energy. If there is no 
separate cloth beside the threads composing it, this 
does not mean that the cloth pre-exists somewhere 
else, in some straw.® Consequently no energy pro¬ 
ducing entities does really exist. 

1 Ibid VI 67 The possessive relation is here represented m an 
inverted manner Instead of speaking of causes or objects 
possessing energies, the author speaks of energies possessing 
causes {jnaiyayawCi Iriya), he means “belonging to causes”. 




( 262 ) 

If this is the case, if it is impossible to assume 
energies, then perhaps the causes alone, without 
possessing any energies will be, sufficient for the 
production of entities 2 It is answered, 

No causes without energies 

If energies do not exist, then the causes will be 
bereft of energy, they will not be efficient, they 
will not be causes How then will they produce 
something ? 

But if causes really produce something, they 
must be necessarily possessors of energy. 

To this it is answered, 

Nor causes are there that possess them. 

The 1 existence of energies is thus denied. 
It then becomes clear that causes cannot be posse¬ 
ssors of non-existing energies 

What has been here said about an energy pro¬ 
ducing sensation, equally applies to the energy of 
heat® and other physical energies Thus the word 
“production” is itself devoid of any meaning. 

XLIV. CAUSATION IS NOT CO-OBDINATION. 

To this the Hfnayam'st replies. We are not 
in the least affected by your examination of the 
question whether the causes are possessors of 
energy or not, We are satisfied with establishing 
the faot that entities, suoh as sensation, arise in a 
1 Lit. p 81.2 “The word ‘not’ is the connection with the subject- 
matter, i e the negation must bo taken out of the preceding 
sentence The word “«(«” putB emphasis.’’ 

* Bead paci-hny3 


{ 263 ) 

Certain, oo-ordination ■with, other entities,^ e.g. the 
organ of vision etc. (This is all what we mean, when 
we assert that the existence of an organ of vision 
etc. is the condition under which a visual sensa¬ 
tion etc. can arise) 

Nlgarjuna now states that this co-ordinational 
theory of causation is also wrong. 

V Let those facts be causes, 

With which co-ordmated other facts arise, 
Non-causes will they be, 

So far the other facts have not arisen 

If sensation is an entity whose origination is 
co-ordinated with a faculty of vision and other 
conditions, and these co-ordinations are called 
causeB, is it not evident that up to the moment 
when this so-called “result” the sensation, has really 
arisen, what can the organs etc. represent but non¬ 
causes ? They are as good as non-causes That 
is the idea of Nagarjuna And nothing can be pro¬ 
duced out of its non-causes, eg oil cannot be 
pressed out of sand corns. 

But the following objection is then raised. 
They begin by being non-causes, but they are 
afterwards converted into causes by combining 
with some other concomitant conditions. This also 
won’t do. Because concomitant condition, con¬ 
comitant with something which is not yeta condi¬ 
tion, can be considered as a condition only if the 
other fact is really a condition. We are in this case 




( 2(54- ) 

faced by the same difficulty as before. Therefore 
this explanation cannot be accepted. 

An organ of vision and an object are hero 
assumed to represent the causes producing visual 
sensation. But are they the causes of an existing 
sensation or arc they the causes of a sensation not 
yet existing ? It is anyhow an impossibility 
Ndgarjuna says, 

VI. Neither non-Ens, nor Ens 
Can have a cause 

my* 

If non-Ens, whose the Cause * 

If Ens, what for the Cause * 

Non-Ens, i c. a non-existing thing, how could 
it have a cause * Its cause is perhaps bo called 
m anticipation ? It will produce the lesult at some 
future occasion No 

Referring to a future fact 
We give a name anticipating. 

But never will this future come 
Without a force that latently is present. 1 

The incongruities 2 (resulting from assuming 
latent forces) have been indicated above. 3 

But if a thing is really existent, if it is present, 
if it has taken shape, it is absolutely useless to ima¬ 
gine some causes producing it 

1 M. av VI 68 Lit “Tiicic is for it no futiuity without a force ” 
9 dofa 

3 op. above, p. 167 ff 


( 265 ) 

XLV. THE CAUSE CONDITIpN 
After having represented that conditions 1 in 
general are not really causes, since they have no 
capacity to produce effects, Nagarjuna now proceeds 
to consider their varieties separately and to show 
that none of them singly is really a cause. 

The following objection is raised by the Hlna- 
y&nist. If you are right, he says, there can be no 
conditions at all. But the notion of a condition is 
very well established, since we have a definition of 
its essence. The definition of the cause-condition 2 


It would have been strictly correct to translate pratyaya 
“condition” or “co-ordinate” and hetwpralyaya cause-condi¬ 
tion or simply cause. But adhtpaU-pratyaya is even more 
of a cause than hetu-pralyqra winch, therefore, is sometimes 
called sakakari-pratyaya. (,Sarvadars p. 39 Poona 1924). 
Only the slambana and samonantara-pratyayas can be distin¬ 
guished as “conditions.” It Is, therefore, impossible always 
to distinguish between these two terms. YaSomitra 
accordingly, says, adAb.Kola.il. 50, htinnam capratyayattam 
ea ko viUsah ? na ka&cit. 

1 helu-pratyaya, the first of the four pratyayas. This classifica¬ 
tion of conditions into four varieties is not what to our 
requirements should be a strictly systematic classification, 
ail members are not exclusive of one another. Thus the 
general condition is contrasted with the special one 
(aihipali) but it includes the two others which are only 
its varieties. It also embraces 5 causes of the Arta-classi- 
fication, 1) sabhaga-httu, relation of homogeneity between 
the preceeding and the following moments of the same 
thing, producing the illusion of its duration, or moral 
homogeneity among the subsequent elements of a persona¬ 
lity. This Ae/a-classification is also unsystematical, because 
“ e .sixth class, the kSrana-hetu has two varieties, the 
efficient and the non-efficient one [nus-bcas, nus-med), the 
first is the same as the predominant condition adhipati- 
pralyaya otassdkarana-ksram, the second is an expression of 
the dependence of a given point-instant upon the condi- 
tion of foe whole Universe {sent dharmah) cp. above 
p *1. n. 6. 2-3) sahabhii andsamprayakta-hetu, relations ofco- 
eratence according to which some elements of Matter 

$ S-tfiSria 



( 266 } 

which is here accepted, is the following one. A cause 
is what "turns out.” If something be altogether a 
non-Eng, the definition of its essence could never 
be given, it would be as though {some one were to 
teach us about the essence of a non-existing) son 
of a barren woman. 

We answer. The producing condition (i. e„ the 
cause), would exist if its essence were something 
real. (But this is not the case), since, 

VII Neither an Ens, nor a non-Ens, 

Nor any Ens-non-Ens, 

No element is really "turned out.” 

How can we then assume 

The possibility of a producing-cause ? 

Producing means creative.® If an element 
which can be produced would really be produced, 
then a creative cause would produce it. But it is 
'not being (really) produced, since there is altogether 
no such thing that needs to be produced, whether 
Ens or non-Ens or (something including both) Ens 
and non-Ens. 

Indeed Ens is not produced because it exists. 
Neither is non-Ens, since it does hot exist. Nor 
Ens-non-Ens, since such mutually contradicting 
(characteristics) cannot exist in one thing, and beca¬ 
use, if they did, they would be subject to both the 
above strictures together. So it is that, since there 
is no production of effects (from the Monist’s point 
of view), neither are there any creative causes. 

1 Lit., what ‘'turns out” (niroarlaka). 


( 267 ) 


Consequently the argument that causes must 
exist because their essence (or function) has been 
defined does not hold good in the present case. 

XLVI THE OBJECT, A CONDITION OF 
MENTAL PHENOMENA. 

The author now proceeds to deny the (second 
condition), the condition consisting in the fact that 
(every mental phenomenon) has an objective 
counterpart (upon which it is intent). 

VIII A mental Ens is reckoned as an element. 
Separately from its objective counterpart 
Now if it begins by having no objective coun¬ 
terpart. 

How can it get one afterwards ? 

What are the elements 1 of existence which 
are here in the Hinayanist’s system characterised 
as possessors of an objective counterpart? 2 Conscious¬ 
ness, (i e., pure, indefinite sensation) 8 and definite 
mental phenomena. 4 Such are the words of 
Scripture. When consciousness is awakened, or 
definite mental phenomena produced, they are 
intent® upon some object (which transcends them), 
whether it be a patch of colour or some other object 
corresponding to the sensation. These are then 
called the objective conditions 0 of those mental 
elements. 

1 dkarma . 

2 Salambana. 

3 eitta. 

4 caitta. 

E slambantna utpadyante. 

8 nlambana-pratyaya. 


( 268 ) 

It is now asked, is this objective condition ima¬ 
gined for sensation already existing, or for sensation 
not yet produced ? In the first case the objective 
condition becomes useless. Indeed the objective 
condition is assumed in order to account for the 
production of this element, 1 (sensation). But this 
element then really exists before the objective cause 
has begun to operate. 


Indeed in this case the element (consciousness) 
would be established as existing by itself, separately 
from its objective cause. Why would we then 
imagine it influenced by an external object ? 


Thus consciousness and similar elements would 
appear as existent and real, separately from their 
objective counterparts Then it would simply be 
your fancy to call them prossessors of an objective 
counterpart 3 . They would have altogether no 
(real) relation to objects 


Now let us examine the other alternative. We 
then imagine that a sensation not yet existing has 
already an object. This is also impossible. Because 
an element which bas been entered into the system 
of elements separately from its objective counterpart 
is, in any case, an existing element. But (to imagine) 
an unexisting element combining with an object is 
quite impossible. 8 ___ 


1 dharma. 

8 sdlambana. . .... .... 

? Lit. p. 84, 9-10. "This also is impossible, because it is 
stated in the aphorisms "without an object really etc- 
w an existing element» taught in the system. Indeed the 
““ non-existing has no combination with the object. 



( 269 ) 

The first sentence of the above verse must be 
supplemented thus—“you call possessor of an object” 
a mental Ens which in the system is reckoned as an 
element separately from its object. 

The second sentence of the verse contains a 
question, 

Now if it begins by having no objective counterpart 
How can it get one afterwards ? 

This is the reason expressed in the form of a 
question . 1 The meaning is the following one If an 
element cannot exist without being intent upon an 
object, if it is not real, wherefrom will then the 
object appear ? If the object-maker 2 is absent, 
neither can the object exist. 

But then how are we to understand the Scrip¬ 
tural evidence that mind and mental phenomena 
must have an object ? The question is trivial . 8 
Yes they have an object, if the rule be considered 
from the empirical standpoint of contingent reality, 
not from the transcendental standpoint of absolute 
reality. 

XLVII THE CAUSA MATERIALS DENIED 

Nagarjuna next proceeds to destroy the notion 
of an immediately preceding moment of a chain of 
homogeneous momentary existences which by the 

1 Lit. p. 85.4 "The word atka for a question. Why for 

the reason.” 

2 alambanaka 

8 adosa 



( 270 ) 

Hjnayanist is reckoned as a special condition . 1 He 
says, 

IX If separate elements do not exist. 

Nor is it possible for them to disappear. ' 
There is no moment which immediately 

precedes. 

And if it disappears, how can it be a cause ? 

The® definition of the immediately preceding 
homogeneous condition is here (in the Hinayana) the 
following one. The immediately preceding destruc¬ 
tion of the material cause is a condition of die 
production of the result. The following must be 
considered. When in a monistic system all entities , 8 
all supposed results, are viewed as non-pro- 
duced,* as e. g., a sprout is not considered as a 

1 This condition corresponds roughly to the samavsyi-lsrana 
of the Nyaya-Vaisejika; it represents the upad&na, the 
substratum of every appearing element. In the realistic 
Bystems, the causa malenalis is the continuant substance in 
the new production. But all Buddhists deny the existence 
of continuant substances and reduce them to chains of 
discrete moments, every preceding moment representing 
the upadana of the following one. The preceding moment 
is supposed to have vanished when the next one appears. 

8 Precedes a grammatical explanation. Lit., p. 86. l-3« 
"Here, in the last half of the verse, the quarters must be 
transposed. Moreover the word "and” is at the wrong 
place, it should stand after the word ntruddhe. The 
reading will then be, "if it has disappeared, how is it a 
cause ? Therefore "the foregoing” is not admissible. It 
ha» been thus expressed for the sake of versification 
8 dhama. 

* l, e. existing sub specie aeteriHtatis, 



{ 271 } 

new origination , 1 then 'it is clear that from this 
standpoint, the disappearance of the cause, the 
seed in its last moment, is impossible. In this case, 
there is no disappearance of the material cause, 
and therefore how can there be a moment repre¬ 
senting the immediately preceding condition for 
the production of the sprout ? 

But the Hinay&nist maintains that all existence 
being a chain of descrete moments, the disappear¬ 
ance of the seed must have happened before the 
result has appeared. However, if the seed is des¬ 
troyed, converted into non-existence, what is then 
supposed to represent a cause of the sprout? Or 
what is the cause that has destroyed the seed ? 
Both are without a cause. This is expressed in the 
words. 

And if it disappears, how can it be a cause ? 

The word "and” refers to a non-produced 
sprout® Indeed, since it is assumed that the sprout 
is not yet produced at the moment when the seed 
has already disappeared, both these events the dis¬ 
appearing of the seed and the appearing of the 
sprout are without a cause. For this reason, an 
immediately foregoing separate momentary exist¬ 
ence as a cause is an impossibility. 

Another explanation of this verse is the following 
one. 

1 but as a mode of the unique substance ( iaths!S=dhamakaja ) 
of the Universe. 

* It is the habit of Indian commentaries to interpret the 
particle ‘and’ as an indication of some additional 
circumstance. 



( 272 ) 

In the first aphorism of this treatise, viz.— 

There absolutely are no things, 

Nowhere and none, that arise anew, 

Neither out of themselves, nor out of non-self. 
Nor out of both, nor at random, 
the notion of origination has been cleared away 
altogether. 

The present aphorism simply refers to that gene¬ 
ral denial and draws the consequence that— 

If separate elements never appear, 

Nor is it possible for them to disappear. 

There is no moment wbich immediately preceds . 1 

As to the explanation of the last sentence of the 
aphorism, viz. 

And if it disappears, how can it be a cause ? 
it remains then just the same as before. 

XLVIII THE SPECIAL CAUSE ALSO DENIED 

Nagarjuna now goes on to deny the existence of 
a predominant condition 2 and says, 

1 i. e., there is no momentary existence which immediately 
disappears in order to make room for the next moment. 
a This variety of causation is probably the precursor of the 
nimiUa-kSratta, asadhsrana karana, sadhakatama karana or 
karana of the NyBya-Vaifesika. The eye, e. g., is the 
adhipali-pralyaya of a visual sensation. But it cannot 
be identified with our causa efficiens because such a concep¬ 
tion has, strictly speaking, no place m the Buddhist system. 
Causation m the world-process is imagined as quite 
impersonal, the separate bits of reality are following 
one another automatically. Karma itself is a separate 
element, it is not personal in theory. All results are there¬ 
fore automatic, the natural outflow 1 msyanda-phala ’ of 
conditions. Some results are very characteristically 
called anthropomorphic (purusa~l 5 ra-phala=purust»a tea 
kria), they are also conceived as automatic, but only 
appearing-as though they were produced by a conscious 
will. Cf. Ab. Koia. II 56 ff. 



( 273 ) 


X If entities are relative , 1 
They have no real existence. 

The formula "this being, that appears." 

Then loses every meaning. 

The definition of the predominant condition 3 is 
here in Hinay&na the following one. A predomi¬ 
nant condition is that special fact which being 
present the result inevitably appears. But since all 
separate entities 8 from the Monist’s point of view 
have only a relative origination 4 and no real inde¬ 
pendent existence , 8 the definition of causation 
expressed in the words ' f this being, that appears” 
then loses every meaning. What is indeed the 
meaning of the word "this” which is supposed to 
point to a cause, and what the meaning of the 
word ‘'that*' which is supposed to point to its 
result ? It is true, a definition is given, but Causa¬ 
lity is not thereby established . 8 

The Hlnayanist makes the following objection. 
After having observed that a piece of cloth is pro¬ 
duced out of threads, we conclude that the existence 

1 mbsvabhsva—iunya. 

3 adhifiati-pTatyaya. 

8 bha.va.natn. 

* pTamya-samutpannatva=$myal&. 

G svabhava-abhava^iunjiatd. 

6 Lit., p, 87. 1-3. “Since there is non-existence of self¬ 
existence of the entities because of their Dependently- 
together-origination, wherefrom that which is pointed to 
by “this” as a cause, wherefrom that which is pointed to 
by “that” as a result ? Therefore, albeit from a definition, 
there is establishment of their conditions”. 




( 274 ) 

of threads etc. is a necessary condition for the 
existence of a piece of cloth. 

We answer. From the standpoint of transcen¬ 
dental reality, it is just the production of such 
separate results as doth etc. that is ultimately 1 
denied. How can we then admit that their supposed 
conditions are really causes ? That the production 
of such results as cloth etc. is ultimately unreal, 
this NagSrjuna makes clear in the following words, 
XI Neither singly in anyone of these conditions, 
Nor together in all of them 
Does the supposed result reside. 

How can you out of them extract, 

What in them never did exist ? 

The cloth, indeed, does not exist neither in the 
threads, nor in the weavers brush, nor in his loom, 
nor in the shuttle, nor in the pins or other causes 
taken singly. We do not perceive in them any cloth. 
Moreover from a plurality of causes a plurality of 
effects would be expected. And since the cloth does 
not exist in any one of its parts taken singly, it 
neither does exist in ail of them, in the threads etc., 
taken together. 

If we would admit that every single cause con¬ 
tributes its part to the general result, we should be 
obliged to admit that one result is produced 
piece-meal. 

Therefore since there are really no results, 
neither can the existence of causes as separate 
entities” be admitted. ■ 


1 svarQpatah 
a svabhsvataka. 



( 275 ) 


XII Supposing from these causes does appear 
What never did exist in them. 

This is what the Hlnayanist maintains. 

Out of non-causes then 
Why does it not appear ? 

The result does not pre-exist in these things 
which admittedly are not its causes. And we have 
seen that it neither does pre-exist in those things 
which admittedly are its causes. Why then is a 
piece of cloth never produced out of straw and 
other things which admittedly are not its causes ? 
From the standpoint of ultimate reality 1 we 
then deny the production of results altoghter. 

The Hlnayanist makes here the following 
objection. If the result were really one thing and 
its causes something separate, then we would under¬ 
stand your solicitude about the question whether 
the result pre-exists in the causes or not ? But the 
result is not something outside its causes. On the 
contrary, it includes them in itself, the presence 
of the whole complex of all the causes of a given 
event is equivalent to the production of the latter. 
NSgarjuna says, 

XIII The result a cause-possessor, 

But causes not even self-possessors. 

How can result be cause-possessor, 

If of non-self-possessors, it be a result. 

You maintain that there is a possessive relation 
between a result and its causes, i.e., that the result 


i 


svarOpatah= tallnatah 


( 276 ) 

is simply* a modification 1 of its causes. This 
is wrong, because these supposed causes do not 
possess their own selves, i. e. they are no real 
causes . 2 

It is asserted that a piece of cloth consists of 
threads. The cloth then could be a reality if the 
threads themselves had ultimate reality . 8 But they 
consist of parts . 3 4 They are themselves modifica¬ 
tions of their own parts, they are no ultimate 
realities . 3 * 7 Therefore what is the use of maintaining 
that the result designated as a cloth consists of 
threads, when these threads themselves are no 
ultimate realities , 0 they are not "self possessors 
This has been expressed in the following aphorism. 

Cloth is existent in its threads. 

The threads again in something else. 

How can these threads, unreal themselves, 

Produce reality in something else ? 8 


1 pralyaya-mkHTcih. 



3 svabhava-siddha. 

4 am&umaya, possessing particles or filaments. 

s asoabhava-siddha. 

0 asvabhsva. 


7 asvayammaya. 

8 This is against the Vai^esila view that the reality of the 
whole « conditioned by the reality of the parts in which 
the whole is supposed to inhere, the atoms being the 
ultimate, eternal reality. For the Madhyamikas atoms 
will be relative realities, constructed realities samrtlt. For 
the identification of this stanza cf. M. de la V. P. s note 

in his ed. 



( 277 ) 


XIV There is, therefore, no cause-possessor, 

Nor is there a result without a cause. 

Nor causes are there, nor non-causes, 

If altogether no results. 

Therefore there is no cause-possessing result. 
Then perhaps there may be a result without 
causes ? No, there is no result outside its material 
cause. If the reality of a piece of cloth is not 
sufficiently explained by the reality of its compo¬ 
nent parts the threads, this does not mean that it 
will be explained any better by the reality of the- 
straw of which mats are made . 1 

The Hinay&nist objects. Let us admit for the 
sake of argument that there are no results i. e., no 
production and no pre-existence of supposed results® 

1 Lit. p. 89.9 “If there is no doth consisting of threads how 
can there be one consisting of tiirana straw ?” 

® The theory of the non-existence or the non-pre-existence 
of the result in its causes, [ms bhflt phalam-asat-phalam= 
asat-karyam) is also admitted by the VaiSesikas, but they 
admit a new creation ( sramlha ) of the results by the 
causes. The HlnaySnists have substituted for a notion of 
effluent causality (utpada) a notion of coordination, 
( pralilya-samutpsda ) and converted efficient causes [hetu, 
korand), into conditions or coordinates (pratyaya). At the 
same time they have here converted every entity, every 
durable object, into a series of discrete momentary exist¬ 
ences following one another with strict regularity. They 
have thus replaced causality by a regularity or uniformity 
in nature (pratyaya-myama). 'The Mahayanist rejects this 
theory from the standpoint of absolute reality, but this 
does not prevent him from accepting the realistic view for 
phenomenal reality, cp. above p. 163. 



( 278 ) 

There Is, however, a regularity 1 in the phenome¬ 
nal world according to which some facts appear as 
coordinated and others are not so coordinated. 
You yourself admit it. Indeed you ask us the 
following question: if there are no results produced 
by causes and if all existence consists of discrete 
moments following one another why it is that cer¬ 
tain facts appear only after those with which they 
are serially coordinated, why is it that they do not 
appear with the same evidence* after facts with 
which they are not serially coordinated ? By putt¬ 
ing this question you implicitly admit a strict 
regularity in the phenomenal world. If the suppo¬ 
sed results, called a cloth or a mat, were not exis¬ 
tent, their coordinates, the threads 'and the straw, 
would never have been called causes. In this sense 
we the Hjoayfinists maintain the reality of results . 8 

We answer There would have been a real 
result, if conditions and non-conditions themselves 
really existed. We would then distinguish that, 
given a certain result, such and such facts are not 
its conditions. But if we critically examine 4 these 

1 niyama. 

a abhipravartate=abhimukham praoarlatt. 

8 Lit. p 89 10-12. “Here he says, let there be no result, 
but there is a regularity of conditions and non-conditionB. 
Accordingly you say “if a non-existent result appears 
after its conditions, after its non-conditions also why does 
it not evidently appear’’ ? ''And if the result called 
cloth or mat does not exist, the conditionality of the 
conditions, of the threads or the straw, is impossible.” 

4 oicsrynmana. 



( 279 ) 

conceptions, they reveal themselves as non-real. 
Therefore, 

No causes are there, no non -causes. 

Since altogether no result . 1 
Thus we conclude that there is no coordination® 
among separate entities, when considered from the 
transcendental point of view . 8 

Accordingly it is stated in the Arya-Ratnakara- 
sutra , 4 

Where the adept of Relativity® himself is lost. 
What vanishes like a bird’s flight in air, 

What independently nowhere exists, 

Will never be a cause producing something ! 
What independently at all does not exist, 

How can it have a cause,® without itself existing, 
Without itself existing, how can it be efficient ? 7 
Such is Causality as taught by Buddha. 

All supposed forces 8 are like mountains , 8 
They are immovable and firmly seated, 

1 Lit. p, 90.1 "Causes and non-causes is a (dvandva) 
compound." 

2 samuipattv*pratttya-samufpsda. The first chapter thus 
winds up with a rejection of the Hlnayamstic pralitya- 
samulpsia. 

8 svaibhB.vatafc=taUvatah. 

* cp. L. Feer, Index du Kandjour, P. 248. 

5 £anya-vid. cp. Tib 
e para-paccayah, possibly as bahuvrihi. 

7 Lit, “give birth to something else." 

8 sarva-dhartna-sarve samskarah, the totality of all the active 
elements of existence. 

8 or "motionless”, acala. 



( 280 ) 

Not changing, never suffering, ever quiescent 
Unconscious 1 are they like aerial Space. 

Just as a mountain can be never shaken 
So motionless are all the elements® of nature, 
They never go and never come. 

Thus should we have understand these elements 
Revealed by the Victorious Buddha. 

And moreover, 

This one Reality Eternal,® 

Has been revealed by the Victorious Buddha, 
The lion of this mankind : 

It is not born, it does not live 4 
It does not die, does not decay. 

And merged® in it are all the beings ! 

If something has no essence in itself. 

How can it then receive an essence from with¬ 
out ? 6 

There are, therefore, no things internal, 

There also are no things external. 

1 ajanaka Tib ies-pa-med-pa does not mean that dharma- 
hSya is an unconscious materialistic principle, but that no 
individual things are cognized, since they are lost in the 
all-embracing whole, cp. 185. n. 3. 

3 dharma. 

3 dharma evidently in the sense of dharma-kaya-=dharmat&= 
tathala. But the meaning of dharma “the doctrine of 
Buddha” is also suggested 

4 upapadyi, here probably in the sense oFslhita as a member 
of the series utpada, sthiti,jars, anityata. 

B ntK&yi^Tib. bkod-pa*=samnivtia "arrangement”, i. e., the 
whole is an arrangement of parts, the parts disappear in 
the whole 
0 para-bhnvatu. 




( 281 ) 

But everywhere is present our Lord. 1 
This absolute condition® for Quiescence 
Where every individual disappears, 

Has been revealed by die real Buddha. 8 
There is in it no individual life whatever. 

There you will stroll 4 from birth delivered 1 
You will then by your Saviour, 

And you will save the hosts of living beings ! 
There is no other Path discemable whatever. 
There you will live, from birth 8 delivered, 

And free yourself, deliver many beings 1 etc. 

Finished the “Examination of Causality” the first 
chapter of the "Clear worded” Comment upon 
Relativity, the work of the venerable Master Can- 
drakirti. 

1 Lit., 91 4-5 "With whom some self-existence is not 
found, through something it is not reached as other- 
existence, it is not being reached neither from within, 
nor from without, in it is the Lord inherent.” nstka *» 
dharma-kaya', nivtsayi in the same sense as in 91.2. 
a The term gati signifying the six kinds of worldly existence 
is here applied to Nirvana which is not a gati, but the' 
ultimate aim of all gatis. 

8 The term su-gata is here evidently being interpreted as 
the man who has entered the "best gati”, i. e., who is lost 
in the Absolute. 

4 voharasi is here also used pointedly for a condition which 
is the negation of oyanahura, but at the same time the 
ultimate aim of all vyavahsra. 

4 

* 




CHAPTER XXV 
EXAMINATION OF NIRVANA 

\ 

I. THE HINAYANISTIC NIRVANA REJECTED 
On tiiis subject Nagirjuna says, 

I. If everything is relative, 1 

No real origination, no real annihilation, 

How is Nirvana then conceived ? 

Through what deliverance, 2 through what 

annihilation ? 8 

With regard to this point the Buddha has taught 
that personalities 4 who have lived a pure life and 
have been initiated into Buddha’s religion, 5 who 
have acquired a knowledge of bntology, i e., of the 
elements of existence as taught in that religion,® 
can attain a double kind of Nirvana, a Nirvana at 
lifetime, being an annihilation with some residual 
substratum , and a final Nirvana, being an annihila¬ 
tion without any residue. 



6 tathsgata-&ssana-praUpanna. 


0 dharma-anu-dkarma~pratipatU-yukta; noteworthy the use of 
the term ' dharma 1 in its two chief significations side by side, 
the first dharma refers to the doctrine, or religion, the 
second to the 75 elements of existence, or ontology. 



( 283 ) 

. The first of'them is conceived as something 
attainable by a complete deliverance 1 from the 
whole catalogue of the defiling elements, 3 e. g., the 
illusion of personal identity,® desires 4 etc. etc. 
A substratum is what underlies all these defiling 
agencies, it is the inveterate instinct of cherishing 
one's own life 5 The word " residual substratum ‘ 
thus refers to that foundation of our belief in per¬ 
sonal identity 0 which is represented by the ultimate 
elements of our mundane existence, 7 which are 
systematized in five different groups. A residue 
is what is left. A substratum is left in a partial 
Nirvana. It exists with a residual substratum , 
hence its name. 

What is the thing in which there still is a residue 
of personal feeling ? It is Nirvana It is a residue 

1 prahsm. 
a klda-gana. 

8 avtdya, 

*■ ragsdi. 

8 atma-sneha, 

6 Sima-prajnapti. 

7 up5dana-skandha/c=s5sT&va.-dhatmSh, the elements of mun¬ 
dane existence as contrasted with the elements composing 
the Saint and the Buddha; skandha can be translated as 
"element” and as "group of elements” because three skan- 
dhas ( vedana, samjnu, mjnana ) contain one dkarma each, 

, repa-skandha contains 10 dharnas, and samash&ra-skandka 
the remaining 59 ones, except the eternal ones asamstrta, 
not included in this classification at all; skandha is also 
a group in the sense of containing past, present, future 
etc. dharnas cf my Central Conception, p. 6 




( 284 ) 

consisting of the pure elements 1 of existence alone, 
delivered from the illusion of an abiding personality* 
and other stealthy defilers, 3 a state comparable to 
that of a town in which all criminal gangs have 
been executed. This is a Nirvana at lifetime with 
some residue of personal feeling. 

A Nirvana in which even these purified elements 
themselves are absent is termed final Nirvana, a 
Nirvana without any residue of personal feeling, 
because of the idea that here 4 the residue of per¬ 
sonal feeling is gone, it is impersonal. It is a state 
comparable to that of a town (destroyed), a town 
which, after all the criminal gangs have been 
executed, has been itself also annihilated. It has 
been said about this Nirvana. 

The body has collapsed, 

Ideas 3 gone, all feelings vanished, 

A11 energies 3 quiescent, 

And consciousness 7 itself extinct. 

And likewise, 

With his body still at life, 

1 sLandha-mSlraka=anSsrava-dharme/i 
a sat-kaya-drsti, 

3 klea^a-taskara. 

* mr-upadht-desa is thus an adhikarana-sadhana madhyama- 
pada-lopm composite word implying that when all the 
elements of life are gone, there still remains something 
lifeless in what there has formerly been life, cp. below 
p. 525-6 

B hdu-ses—samjiia. 

0 hdu-byed = samskara. 

7 mam-parses-pa <= vijii&nam 


( 285 ) 


The Saint enjoys some feeling, 

But in Nirvana, consciousness 1 is gone, 8 
Just as a light (when totally extinct.) 

This lifeless Nirvana, without any residue, is 
attained through an extinction of all elements of 
life. 8 

The Mahayanist. Now, how are we to under¬ 
stand the possiblity of this double Nirvana ? 

1 cetah^vijilana-skandha. 

a vimoksah=nivrttih. cp. p. 525. 7. 

8 skandhanam nirodhdt. These two Nivanas are well known in 
European science since the time of Childers. Of them only 
the second is the real and final Nirvana. It is defined by 
Childers, according to the Pah school, as annihilation of 
all the skandhas. But the classification of existence as 
skandhas does not include mradha or aramshTta-dharma. The 
Saroasttvadms and Vaibhssikas, as we have seen, assume 
this ntrodha to represent a separate reality— satya, vastu, 
dharma, it is a lifeless dharma-svabhava as contrasted with 
the living dharma-laksana=samsk&rah> The MahSySnist, 
from his higher, monistic point of view, brushes both 
these Nirvanas aside. But there cannot be the slightest 
doubt that NSgStjuna accepts their contingent reality. 
He thus has three Nirvanas. The first represents the 
world sub specie aetermtahs, it is defined below, XXV 9. 
The second is the condition of the MahSySmstic Saint, the 
Srya, the bodhtsattoa. The third corresponds to his 
disappearance in final Nirvana. The first alone is ulti¬ 
mately real. The two others are immanent in it; they are 
not separately ( svabhavatah) real. To these three Nirvanas, 
the YogacSras have added a fourth one, called by them 
apratisthUa-nirnSna altruistic Nirvana, it represents the pure 
condition of their eternal Conscious Principle, that prin¬ 
ciple which they have inherited from the Sautrantikas and 



( 286 ) 

The Hinayanist Nirvana is only possible through 
the annihilation of desires 1 and all active elements 
producing life . 3 If everything is relative,® if nothing 
really originates, nothing really disappears, where 
is the source of illusion and desires , 4 where all the 
elements® which must vanish, in order that Nirvana 
should take place ? It is therefore, clear that 
separate entities must really exist , 8 in order that 
something should really vanish. 

To this the following aphorism is an answer. 

II Should everything be absolutely real , 7 
No real creation, no real destruction, 

the latter from earlier schools with similar theistic tenden¬ 
cies, the VatsIputTtyas'Smd the Mahasanghikas, cp. above 
p. 30 and J. Masuda, Der Idealismus der YogacSra Schule, 
p 52 if. ( Heidelberg, 1926 ). According to consequent 
MahSyamsm, this fourth Nirvana should be also regarded 
as merely an aspect of the first, but this question appears 
never to have been finally answered, atleast among some 
of the followers of that school. It is a moot point among 
the Tibetans, even now, whether the Absolute of an 
author like Dharmaklrti represents a Conscious Principle 
(ies-pa) or Impersonal Eternity [rlog-pa) According to 
the early YogScSras, the dharma-kaya is divided into 
svabhava-knya ( no-bo-nid-sku ) and jiiana-k&ya (je-Ses-kyi- 
sku), the first is the motionless (nttya) substance of the 
Universe, the second is anitja. i e. changing, living. 

1 kle&a. 

3 shandha. 

3 Sanyo. 

4 kleish-aoidj'a-trsne. 

3 skandhah. 

0 bhsv&nam svabhsvah , "non-relative, absolute existence ” 

7 tAanya. 




( 2B7 ) 

How is Nirvana then conceived ? 

Through what deliverance, through what 

annihilation ? 

If the defiling elements 1 , or all the elements 
in general , 8 are independent entities, existing in 
themselves , 8 since it is impossible for them to 
be deprived of their own reality, how can they 
be annihilated, in order that through this 
annihilation Nirvana should be reached ? There¬ 
fore Nirvana is equally impossible from the stand¬ 
point of the Realists . 4 But the Relativists® 
do not admit a Nirvana consisting in annihilation 
of all elements in general, nor do they admit 
a partial Nirvana consisting in an annihilation 
of the defiling elements alone. Therefore they are 
not responsible for the just mentioned incongruity , 6 
The Relativists, in consequence, can never be 
accused of assuming a kind of Nirvana which is 
logically impossible. 

II THE MAHAYANISTIC NIRVANA, WHAT ? 

If, to be sure, the Relativists admit neither a 
Nirvana consisting in the extinction of illusion and 
desire , 7 nor a Nirvana consisting in the extinc¬ 
tion of all elements of life, what is then their idea 

1 kleia. i 

a skandhanam=samtkrla-Aharmsuam=samskiiranam 

8 svabhavenavyanaslhita. 

4 svabhsva-vadm, 

8 innyata-odidin. 

? tesfim ayam aiosah. 

7 kU$a=>avidya~trsne. 



( 288 ) 

of Nirvana ? The following aphorism gives the 
answer. 

III. What neither is released, nor is it ever reached, 
What neither is annihilation, nor is it 

eternality, 

What never disappears, nor has it 

been created, 

This is Nirvana ( World’s Unity, the 

Inexpressible ) 

That (undefinable essence) which can neither be 
extinguished as, e. g, a desire, nor can it be attain¬ 
ed, as e. g., a reward for renunciation; which 
neither can be annihilated, as e.g , all the active 
elements of our life . 1 nor is it everlasting , 8 as a 
non-relative 8 absolute principle; which cannot 
really* disappear, nor can it be created; that some¬ 
thing which consists in the Quiescence 6 of all 
Plurality , 0 that is Nirvana. 

Now, if the Universe is really such a Unity, if 
it is no Plurality , 7 how is it then that our imagina¬ 
tion has built up defilers 8 i e an illusion of personal 
1 shandhadwat . 

3 sssvata or nilya “beginningless.” 

8 aianyavat, as the svalaksana of the YogScSras, the Nirvana 
of the Hlnayanists, the praihana of the Sankhyas etc. etc. 
They are all a&inya m that sense that their adepts suppose 
them to be absolute, non-relative. 

* svabhsvatah. 

E upaiama 
® sana-prapanca. 

7 msprapmea. 

8 kUia-kalpaiiS< 



( 289 ) 


identity and desires through a suppression of which 
Nirvana is supposed to be attained ? Or how is 
it that our imagination has built up separate 
elements through the annihilation of which 
Nirvana reveals itself ? As long as these construc¬ 
tions of our imagination 1 exist, Nirvana cannot 
be reached, since it is reached just through a 
suppression of all Plurality. 

The Hinayanist objects. Be that as the case may 
be, let us admit that neither the defiling elements, 
nor the elements in general exist when Nirvana is 
reached. However, they must exist on this side of 
Nirvana, i. e., before Nirvana is reached. In that 
case Nirvana will be possible through their total 
annihilation. 

We answer. You are haunted 3 by illusion, get 
rid of it ! 

For a real Ens which exists as an independent- 
entity 8 can never be converted into an one-ntity. 
Therefore those who are really desirous to attain 
Nirvana must first of all get rid of this imagined 
Plurality. Indeed N&g&rjuna himself will state that 
there is no line of demarcation, with the Phenome- 
nalworld on this side and the Absolute on the other. 

Where is the limit of Nirvana, 

’T is also the limit of Sahara, 

There is no line of demarcation, 

1 kalpanah. 

3 graha. 

8 svabhsvato vidyamsna. 


9 


( 290 ) 

No slightest shade of difference between them . 1 

Thus it should be realized that nothing is really 
suppressed in Nirvana, and nothing is really annihil¬ 
ated. Nirvana consists merely in the suppression 
of absolutely all the false constructions of our 
imagination. This has been stated by the Buddha 
himself in the following words, 

Real ultimate elements 9 can never be annihilated, 

The things that in this world do not exist. 

They never did at all exist. 

Those who imagine existence along with 

non-existence 

Will never realize phenomenal® (Plurality’s) 

Quiescence 

The meaning of this stanza is the following 
one. In the Absolute,® i.e,, in that principle 
which is final Nirvana® without any residue (of 
phenomenal life altogether), all elements of 
existence have vanished, because all of them, 
whether they be called defilers , 0 or the creative 
power of life , 7 or individual existences , 8 or groups of 
elements, they have all totally vanished. This 

1 XXV, 20. 

9 dharmtth. 

8 duhkha^sawara, cp. p. 523. 13 
4 mrtfUt 
® mnBHa-dhtttu. 

6 llcio. 



{ 891 ) 

all systems of philosophy admit, 1 , c., that the 
Absolute is a negation of the Phenomenal. 

Now, these elements which do not exist there, 
in the Absolute, they really do not exist at all; they 
are like that kind of terror which is experienced 
when, in the dark, a rope is mistaken for a snake 
and which dissipates as soon as a light is brought 
in. These elements of our life, called illusion and 
desire, their creative force and the consequent 
individual lives.® have no real existence in the 
absolute sense, 3 even at any time in the phenome¬ 
nal condition of life. 4 Indeed, the rope which in 
the dark has been mistaken for the serpent, is not 
really in itself a serpent, since it is not apprehended 
by sight and touch, whether in the light or in the 
darkness, as a real serpent would necessarily be. 

How is it then that it is called phenomenal 
reality ? s 

We answer. Obsessed by the unreal devil 
of their "Ego” and their "Mine*' the obtuse 
men and common worldlings imagine that they 
really perceive separate entities which in reality do 
not exist, just as the ophthalmic sees before him¬ 
self hair, mosquitoes and other objects which never 
did exist. It has therefore been said, 

1 sarva-vadmah. 

a kleia-karma-jaflmadt. 

3 tatlvata/i. 

4 seufisara-avasthayam. 

0 saifis&ra. 




(. 292 ) 

Those who imagine existence along with non¬ 
existence. 

Will never realize phenomenal Plurality’s 

Quiescence. 

Those who assert existence, the Realists who 
imagine that there is a real existence of separate 
entities , 1 are the followers of Jaimini, Kan&da, 
Kapila and others up to the realistic Buddhists, the 
Vaibhasikas.® 

Those who deny future existence are the Materi¬ 
alists 8 who are firmly rooted in a destiny leading 
them to hell. The others are the Sautrgntikas who 
deny the existence of the past and the future,* deny 
the existence of such a separate element as the 
moral character of the individual , 6 deny the exist¬ 
ence of forces which are neither physical nor 

1 bhava-sadbhava-kalpan&vanlah. 

8 It is noteworthy that the Sautr&ntikas ate not mentioned 
among the Realists; it is just because they are half-realists 
In addition to what haB been said above, p. 29 £f. about 
the position of the Sautr3ntikas, it must be mentioned 
that Bodhidharma and many others characterised this 
school as MahaySnistic, because of its moral philosophy. 
But their opimon was rejected, since the founders of the 
two mam schools of the MahaySna, i. e., Nfigarjuna and 
iLryasanga, did not share it (Cp. Lanskya-hu-tuk-tu, Grub- 
mthah. trans by M. Gorsky, Ms. Mus. 'As. Petr.). The 
total silence about Vedanta is also to be noted. 

3 nsstika, they deny retribution, moral responsibility 
cp. p. 28. 

4 Cp. My Central Conception p. 42. 

6 cmjSapti to be corrected from vijnafiti, p. 523.11 cp. ibid, 
p. 6, 7,99. 


( 293 ) 


mental, 1 but admit the reality of all other separate 
elements. Or they are the Togacam, the Idealists 
who deny the existence of individual things so far 
as they represent logical constructions of our 
thought,® but admit I. their contingent reality so 
far they obey causal laws 8 and 2. their final 
reality so far they are merged into the Universal 
Whole. 1 

The phenomenal world/ or the pheno¬ 
menal life 0 will never reach final Quiescence 
neither for the Realists/ nor for the Negativists/ 
(nor for partial Realists). Indeed, 

A man, suspecting he has taken poison, 

Faints even when there is no poison in 

his stomach. 

Swayed by the care of Ego and of “Mine", 
Eternally he comes and dies, 

Without real knowledge. 8 about his Ego 10 
Therefore it should be known that nothing is 
suppressed in Nirv&na and nothing annihilated. 

1 ’npmyvkta-smskftTa^rapa-cilla-viprapkta-satmkzra, cp. ibid, 
p. 21. 

2 pan-Mptla-mbhiva, cp. Tnnkka. p, 39 and above, p. 33. 

8 paratmtra, cp. ibid. 

1 pmnspama , cp. ibid. 

8 iulikhuBpama-upaima-skanihah, 

0 samara. 

7 asiivadin, 

8 naslmiin. 

2 Mag-itr-hiu-ia-ynn-iag = tai-ilma-samyni. 

10 from the Hb. 



( 264 ) 

The essence of Nirvana consists merely in the ex¬ 
tinction of all constructions of our productive imagi¬ 
nation . 1 

Accordingly we find it stated in the RatnSvali 2 
Nor is Nirvana non-existence. 

How can such an idea 3 come to you ? 

We call Nirvana the cessation 

Of every thought of non-existence and existence. 

Ill NIRVANA NOT AN ENS. 

The following aphorisms are directed against 
those who not being able to realize that Nirvana is 
simply the limit of all constructions of our produc¬ 
tive imagination continue to imagine a kind of 
Nirvana which either represents reality or non-reality 
or both or neither. 

IV Nirvana, first of all, is not a kind of Ens, 

It would then have decay and death. 

There altogether is no Ens 
Which is not subject to decay and death 
There are indeed philosophers who have a 
preconceived idea 4 that Nirvana must be some¬ 
thing positive.® The following is their line of argu¬ 
ment. According to our system,® they say, there 
is a positive thing which represents a barrier , 7 a 

1 sarva-kalpema-ksqya. 

2 Ratnavali or Ratnamshks, a work ascribed to Nagaijuna. 

8 bhaVanH. 

4 abhtnimsta. 

B bhava. 




( 295 ) 


definite limit 1 for the existence of a stream® of 
defiling elements, creative actions and consequent 
existences. 3 It is comparable to a dam checking 
a stream of water. This is Nirvana. We know 
from experience 4 that a thing 6 without having a 
reality of its own 0 could not be efficient. 7 in 
that way. 

The Sautr&ntika objects. It has been declared 
that absolute indifference, 8 the extinction of desires 
which are associated with life, 9 of enjoyment that 
this kind of blank, 10 is Nirvana. What in itself 
is a mere Extinction 11 cannot be envisaged as a 
kind of Ens. 19 Zt has been just declared, 

But in Nirvana consciousness itself is gone. 

Just as a light when totally extinct 
To regard the extinction of the light of a lamp 
as a kind of Ens is logically impossible. 18 

The Vaibhasika answers. Your interpretation 
of the words "extinction of desire”, as meaning 
"extinct desire” is wrong. The right interpretation 

1 niyata-rodha=nirodha=mruana. 

* santana 

8 kleia-kama-jartma. 

4 driyate. 

* dhama . 

0 vidyamsna-svabhava. 

7 korya-ksrin. 

8 virago. 

9 nandiragasahagats-tfstto 

10 nirodha. 

11 fyaya-mslram. 

18 bhsva. 

18 nopapadyate. 




{ 296 ) 

is the following one. "That thing in which desire is 
extinct” is called extinction of desire. It can 
then be asserted that when that ultimate entity 1 
which is called Nirv&na is present, every desire and 
consciousness are extinct. The extinction of die light 
of a lamp is a mere example. And even this example 
must be understood as an illustration of the idea 
that consciousness is quite extinct 3 in something that 
continues to exist. 

Our Master NagSrjuna now examines the 
consequences of the theory which determines 
Nirvana as a kind of existence Nirvana is not a 
positive thing he says. Why 7 Since it would follow 
that it must possess the characteristics of decay and 
death, because every existence is invariably con¬ 
nected with decay and death. He means, it would 
not then be Nirvana, (the Absolute), since like 
our life 3 it would be subject to decay and death. 

In order to make sure this very point, that 
every life is invariably connected 4 with the marks 
of decay and death, the Master says, there is no 
existence without decay and death. Indeed, that 
thing which is without decay and death is not at 
all an Ens, it is a mirage, as e.g., flowers in the sky. 
They never decay and never die, hence they do 
not exist. 

Moreover, 


3 vimoksa. 

3 vijnaitadi=skandhsk- 

4 Read ayyabhic&rilam. 



V. If Nirvana is Ens, 

It is produced by causes. 

Nowhere and none the entity exists 
Which would not be produced by causes. 

Thesis. If Nirvana is a kind of Ens, it would 
then be produced by causes. 

Reason. Because it is an Ens. 

Example. Just as consciousness and the other 
elements of our life. 

The contraposition 1 of the major premise will 
result in the following sentence : What is not produced 
by causes does not exist, like the horns on the head 
of a donkey. Pointing to this the author says. 
Nowhere and none the entity is found 
Which would not be produced by causes. 

The word nowhere refers to location, the place 
or the time. It might be also taken as referring to 
a philosophic system. The word none refers to the 
located thing, whether it be an object of the exter¬ 
nal world or a mental phenomenon. 

Moreover, 

VI If Nirvana is Ens. 

How can it lack substratum ? 

There whatsoever is no Ens 
Without any substratum. 

If, in your opinion, Nirvana is a positive entity, 
it must repose on a substratum, it must have a root 
in the totality of its own causes. But such a defi¬ 
nitely located® Nirvapa is accepted by nobody. On 


1 vyatirtka. 



( 298 } 

the contrary, NirvSna is the Absolute. It does 
not repose on any substratum. Therefore, if 
Nirvana is an Ens, how can it be an Ens without 
any substratum ? Indeed, 

Thesis. Nirvana cannot exist without substratum. 

Reason. Because it is an Ens. 

Example. Just as consciousness and other 
elements of existence. The contrapostition of the 
major premise is further adduced as a reason, 

There whatsoever is no Ens 
Without any substratum. 

IV nirvana is NOT A NON-ENS. 

The Satutrantifca now suggests. If NirvSna is not 
an Ens, because of the incongruity 1 which has been 
elicited, it must be a non-Ens, since it consists 
merely in the fact that the defiling elements and 
their consequence, the individual existences, are 
stopped. We answer. This is also impossible, be¬ 
cause the following has been declared. 

VII. If NirvSna is not an Ens, 

Will it then be a non-Ens ? 

Wherever there is absence of an Ens, 

There neither is a non-Ens. 

If it is not admitted that NirvSna is an Ens, if 
the thesis "Nirvana is an Ens" is rejected, then 
perhaps NirvSna might be a non-Ens ? The au¬ 
thor’s idea is that it neither can be a non-Ens, 

If it be maintained that Nirvana is the absence 
of defiling elements and individual existences pro- 


3 dosa-prasanga. 



duced by them , 1 then it would result that the 
impermanence of these defiling elements and per¬ 
sonal existences is Nirvaija. Indeed, the cessation 
of these defiling agencies and the end of personal 
existences can be envisaged as nothing but their 
own character of impermanence. They always 
have an end. Thus it will follow that impermanence 
is Nim n a. And this cannot be admitted, since in 
that case Final Deliverance will be attained auto¬ 
matically , 1 the teaching of a Path towards Salva¬ 
tion, would be useless. Hence this is quite 
inadmissible. 

Moreover, 

VIII. Now, if Nirvana is a non-Ens, 

How can it then be independent ? 

For sure an independent non-Ens 
Is nowhere to be found. 

A non-Ens, whether it be here the impermanence 
or cessation of something, is constructed in our 
thought and expressed in speech , 8 as a characteris¬ 
tic appertaining to some positive counterpart.* 
Absolute non-existence indeed is similar to the non¬ 
existence of horns on the head of a donkey. It is not 
known to be impermanent. We imagine 5 a 
^characterised thing as relative 6 to some charac- 



5 prajHapyati. 

6 sSritpa. 



( 300 ) 


teristic, and vice versa a characteristic as being 
relative to something characterized. The work of 
characterisation 1 being thus relational , 3 what is 
impermanence or cessation without an entity 
characterised by it ? Non-existence must, there¬ 
fore, be imagined along with a counterpart®. There¬ 
fore, if Nirvfi^a is a non-Ens, how can it be an 
Absolute* Nirvana ? 

This argument might be formulated as follows 

Thesis. Nirvana can be a non-Ens only as 
relative to some positive counterpart. 

Reason. Because it is a non-Ens. 

Example. Just as the destruction of a jar is 
relative to this jar. 

In order to make tins clear it is added. 

For sure, an absolute 4 non-Ens 

Is nowhere to be found. 

An objection is raised. If indeed it is main¬ 
tained that an absolute non-Ens is impossible, then, 
e. g., the negation of a son of a barren woman must 
also be related 5 to a positive counterpart in the 
shape of the real son of a barren woman. 

Answer. Who has established that the son of a 
barren woman etc. is a non-Ens ? Just the cont¬ 
rary has been s aid above . 5 _____ 

1 laksya-laksana-praCTtlt. 

a paraspara-apeknka. 

® upadaya. 

* anup&dgya. 

* upadaya abhavah 

6 XV. 5. 



(301 ) 


If something is not settled as an Ens 
Neither can it be settled as a non-Ens, 

What people call a non-Ens 
Is nothing but a change in Ens. 

Thus the son of a barren woman is not really a 
non-Ens, a negation as something real. It has indeed 
been declared that, 

The empty space, the horns of asses, 

The sons of barren women 

Are spoken of as non-Ens 

The same refers to all imagined Ens 1 , 

But this should be understood sis a mere denial 
of the possibility to imagine them as real, not as 
conceiving them as a negation, because positive 
counterparts to which they could be related do not 
exist. The "son of a barren woman’’ are mere 
words. They do not correspond to any reality 
which could be cognized, which could either be 
an Ens or a non-Ens. How can a thing whose 
concrete reality has never been experienced be imag¬ 
ined either as existing or as not existing.® There¬ 
fore it should be known that the son of a barren 
woman is not a real negation. Thus it is settled, 

1 bhavesu-kalpana. 

2 Buddhist logic has established a very detailed and tho¬ 
rough theory of negation, where it is proved that every 
negative judgement is founded in a negative experience, 
on a possible perception which has not happened ( anapa - 
labdhi). It is, therefore, always related to some positive 
substratum, cp. Nyayabindu II. 26 ff. 




( 302 ) 

there can be no non-Ens without a positive counter¬ 
part . 1 

V. NIRVANA IS THIS WORLD VIEWED 
SUB SPECIE AETERNITATIS. 

It is now asked, if Nirvana is neither Ens nor is 
it non-Ens, what is it indeed ? We answer The 
godlike Buddhas have made about this point the 
following declaration, 

IX Coordinated here or caused 3 are separate 

things, 

1 anupadsya, this kind of upadana is termed in the NySya 
system a pratityagm. This realistic system admits absolute 
non-existence ( alyanta-abhffoa ) and relative non-existence 
(anyonya-abhava) 

0 From their Buddhist point of view the terms pratitya 
"relative to a cause" and upsdsya, "relative to a substra¬ 
tum" are equivalents. The realistic Vai£edka system 
imagines that the substratum ( upsdena ) is a cause (sama- 
o&yi-karaya) really producing ( srambhaha ) the result In 
Hlnaysna, the real existence of a durable substratum of a 
stuff or substance, is denied and the duration of the object 
is converted into an uninterrupted sequence of momentary 
flashes without any substratum, every preceding move¬ 
ment is the substratum (upaidna-bhuta) of every following 
one. Cause and effect are thus declared to be correlated 
concepts, just as the long is correlated with the short 
(dirgha-hrasaa-vat,) causation is replaced by coordination, 
and the causes converted into coordinates. Nffgarjuna 
here says that whether we, with the Vaiiesikas, imagine 
causation as a production of one thing by the other 
(pratitya), or whether we, with the HInayamsts, imagine 
mere-coordination (upadeya) there nevertheless is a Whole 
(ev**i*«v) in which these causes and coordinates are 




( 303 ) 


We call this world phenomenal. 

But just the same is called Nirvana, 

When viewed without Causality, without Coor¬ 
dination. 

The phenomenal world is here the run of life, 
hither and thither, the come and go of life, the 
concatenation of births and deaths. The pheno¬ 
menal world is imagined as existing in the sense that 
its separate entities are dependent upon a complex 
of causes and conditions , 1 they are relatively real as, 
e g, the long is real as far as there is something short 
with which it is contrasted. Sometimes they are 
imagined as produced by causes, e.g., the light 
is supposed to be produced by the lamp, the sprout 
is conceived as produced by a seed etc. But in 
any case, whether it be only imagined as relati¬ 
vely coordinated, or whether they be considered as 
produced by causes, when the continuity of birth 
and death has ceased, when there are neither rela¬ 
tions nor causality, this same world as motionless 
and eternal is then called Nirvana.® Now, the mere 

merged Otherwise, pratitya as a part of the term pfaiitya- 
samutpsda refers to also causation in the sense of coordina¬ 
tion, it then is synonymous with uplidaya, but here both 
terms are contrasted from a special viewpoint. 

1 hctu-pratyaya-samagri. Since among the hetus we must 
include the k&rana-hetu; the state of the whole Universe 
with respect to a given point-instant is included in the 
totality of its causes and conditions. 

2 Lit p 529 5-7. “In any case whether it be established 
that it is imagined (prajnapyatt) as coordinated ( upadaya ), 
or produced as caused (pratitya), in any case the non- 



( 304. ) 

cessation of aspect can neither be considered as an 
Ens, nor as a non-Ens, Thus it is that Nirvana is 
neither an Ens, nor a non-Ens. 

Another interpretation of this aphorism is also 
possible; it would then intimate that the manner 
of conceiving Nirvana by the Hinayanists is much 
the same, although they aver that their Nirvana 
is an Ens. 

They indeed maintain either, like the Sarv- 
astiv&dins, that there is in the Universe no abiding 
central principle 1 at all, that the world-process 
consists in the evolution® of coordinated energies 8 . 
They maintain that this world in which every 
momentary origination and every destruction, 

operation ( apravftli ), of this duration of a lineage of births 
and deaths, whether as non-caused or as non-coordinated, 
is established as the Nirvana.” The non-operation or 
cessation of an imagined construction (prajuapti—kalpanH) 
is nothing bnt a change of aspect. Nirvana is thus the 
Universe sub spent aeternitalis. 

1 The angtman principle is an equivalent of samskarah 
samsaranti, cp. my Central Conception p. 25. 52 etc. 

2 samsaranti. 

8 sam-skars7i = sambhaya-ksrtnah. It would be incorrect to 
surmise that samskuraskandha is alone meant, although the 
chief samsk&ra, karma or cetans, the Sian vital, the biotic 
force which arranges the coordination of all other ele¬ 
ments, is first of all meant. But vtdanS and sanyiis are 
satnskaras, and otjiiana and ritpa are, according to the rules 
of the 12 membered prantya-samutpada, always included 
in every life. From this whole passage, it appears clearly 
that the Buddhist conception of samsksra and samskrtatva 
is but another name for pratiiya-samutpannatoa cf. ibid, p. 28. 



obeys, in every case, causal laws, 1 when these 
causal laws have ceased to operate, 8 when all ener¬ 
gies are extinct, 8 is called Nirvana* 

Or they (like the 7 biputripas) maintain that 
there is such a central principle, termed by them 
"personality” 8 which migrates out of one existence 
into an another. It escapes definition. 0 It neither 
is the eternal Soul of the Br&hmana, nor is it 
momentary 7 like the energies of the Buddhists. 
Phenomenal life consists in its coming and going 8 , 
dependent every time upon a changing substratum’ 
of elements. It then evolves obeying causal 
laws 10 

1 pratttfa pmiityaya utpadai at. 

2 cprattp 

* aprmrtammh. 

* This absolutely lifeless something representing the picture 
of the Universe in which all energies are extinct reminds, 
us, to a certain extent, of the final condition of the Uni¬ 
verse as represented by modem science according to the 
Law of entropy, cp; above p. 26. 

8 puigalc. 



10 upldija pmarkls ^prMyiprmHatt, sc it obeys the laws 
of causation or coordination, The theory of the Vstslpu- 
trtyas about an abiding personality f pudgtda), which 
they nevertheless do not consider as a reality ( dkrma) or 
a Soul (dtnun), is exposed with detailed argumentation by 
Basnbandhu, ab, Kosa. XI and above, p. 31. n 1. 




{ 306 ) 

This very principle which evolves on the basis of 
changing elements , 1 when the time comes® for it 
to assume no new substratum 8 and its evoultion 
stops , 4 Is said to have entered Nirvana 6 

Now, whether it be coordinated energies® alone, 
or some centra! principle like the one called “pers¬ 
onality ” 7 it is clear that the mere fact of their 
evolution being stopped can neither be character¬ 
ised as an Ens, nor as a non-Ens . 8 

And further, 

X. The Buddha has declared 

Tbat Ens and non-Ens should be both rejected. 


1 upadsya pravartamsnah. 

3 idarilm. 

8 anupad&ya. 

* apraoarlamannh. 

B Lit. p. 529. 9-530.2 "Otherwise, those who have the 
tenet that the forces (, samskarsh) are migrating, for them 
it is said that in-every-case-coordinated-ongination and 
destruction is Nirvana when going on without coordination. 
But for those for whom the personality ( pudgala ) is mig¬ 
rating, for them this personality, being undefinable as to 
whether it is eternal or non-eternal, possesses a coming 
and going when reposing on different substratums, it is 
then going on upon a substratum; this very (personality) 
which is going on ( pravartamsna ) upon different substra¬ 
tums is now called Nirvana when it no more is going on 
upon a substratum ” 

0 samskarah. 
i pudgala. 

8 This clearly is an answer to those Hinayanists who main¬ 
tain tha t their Nirvana is an Ens. [vasiu. dharma). 


j-*' 



( 30? ) 


Neither as Ens nor as a non-Ens. 

Nirvana therefore is conceived. 

On this point, it is stated in Scripture, “O 
Brethren, those who seek an escape out of this 
phenomenal existence in a kind of new existence 1 
or in annihilation* they have no true knowledge." 
Both should be rejected, the craving for eternal life 
and the craving for eternal death. But this Nirvana 
is the only thing which the Buddha has character¬ 
ised as the thing not to be rejected. On the cont¬ 
rary, he has declared it to be the only thing 
desirable . 8 But if Nirvana had been eternal 
existence 2 * 4 * or eternal death , 6 * it also would have 
been rejectable. However it is not rejectable. 

Neither as Ens nor as a non-Ens. 

Nirvana therefore is conceived. 

VI NIRVANA IS NOT BOTH ENS AND 
NON-ENS TOGETHER. 

There are some Vaibba§ikas who assume a dou¬ 
ble character in Nirvana. It is a non-Ens so far it 
is the place in which the defiling elements and the 
elements of existence in general are extinct. But 
in itself this lifeless place is an Ens. c The author 


2 vtbhava. 

8 aprahiUwya. 

4 bhsva. 

8 abhsva. 

6 This is the Vaibh&sika view about the reality of Nirvana 

with but a little change in its formulation. It is here 
examined once more in order to fill up the scheme of the 

quadrilemma. 




( 308 ) 

now proceeds to state that such double Nirvana is 
impossible. 

XI. If Nirvana were both Ens and non-Ens, 

Final Deliverance would be also both, 

Reality and unreality together. 

This never could be possible. 

If Nirvana had the double character of being 
both an Ens and a non-Ens, then Final Deliver¬ 
ance would be both a reality and unreality. It 
would then follow that the presence 1 of the ener¬ 
gies* of life and their extinction, both repre¬ 
sent Final Deliverance. However a Final Deliver¬ 
ance from phenomenal life and the energies of 
phenomenal life cannot be the same.® There¬ 
fore, says the author, this is impossible 
And further, 

XII If Nirvana were both Ens and a non-Ens, 
Nirvana could not be uncaused, 

Indeed the Ens and the non-Ens 
Are both dependent on causation. 

If Nil vana would have the double character of 
an Ens and a non-Ens, it would be then dependent, 
it would be relative to the totality of its causes and 

1 atma-labha. 

B samk&ra. 

s Probably the Vaibh&sika theory about the dharma-svabhiva 
U here alluded to According to their theory, some life¬ 
less residue of the samsksras or dharmas remains in 
Nirvana, but there manifestation [dharma-laksana) is slopp¬ 
ed for ever. We would then have in Nirvana sanuksras 
somehow existing and non-existing at the same time, cp. 

My Central Conception, p. 42-95. 



{ 309 ) 


conditions, 1 it would not be the Absolute® 
Why ? Because both these Ens and non-Ens are 
conditioned. 3 Considering that the Ens is the 
counterpart 4 of the non-Ens and vice versa the 
non-Ens is the counterpart of the Ens, both Ens 
and non-Ens 5 are necessarily dependent existen¬ 
ces. They are not absolute. 11 If Nirvana were 
not the absolute, it could then be partly an Ens 
and partly a non-Ens. But it is not so. Therefore 
this is impossible. 

And further, 

XIII.How can Nirv&na represent 
An Ens and a non-Ens together. 

Nirvana is indeed uncaused/ 

Both Ens and non-Ens are productions. 8 

An Ens is caused, since it is produced by the 
totality of its causes and conditions. 0 A non- 
Ens is likewise caused, 10 snce 1. it arises as the coun¬ 
terpart 11 of an Ens, 2. because it has been declared 
in Scripture that decay and death, are consequent 

1 htlu pTOtyaya-simapim upsiaya . bhavat. 

2 anupaddya-sat =parambthaiaU 

8 apai/tya—praiilya=sepiksib <= t&nya, 
i upsiiya=sdpthika = sapratiyogitttka. 

5 Read hh&eat cibhioalca, 

8 anupsdaya-sat=paramtrlkasat 
’ asamskftam = na krtam. 

8 samskna°krlttka. 

8 helu-pralyaya-ssmagrl-sambhala- 

10 samsktla. 

11 pratitya = upidaya ■ pratiyogin. 



( 310 ) 


upon a birth . 1 Thus if Nirvana were essentially an 
Ens or a non-Ens it could not be uncaused, it 

W ° U “ b . c nec f sariJ y cau sed. However, it is not 
admitted to be caused. Therefore Nirvapa cannot 
be both Ens and non-Ens together. 

Let it be so. Let Nirvana itself not be Eos and 
non-Ens together. Perhaps it may be the place 
where Ens and non-Ens are found together. How¬ 
ever this is also impossible. Why ? Because, 

V. How can Nirvana represent 

The place of Ens and of non-Ens together ? 

As light and darkness in one spot 
They cannot simultaneously be present. 


Since Eas and non-Ens are mutually imcompa- 
tible, they cannot possibly exist together in one 
place, in Nirvana. Therefore it is said. 

How can Nirvana represent 

The place of Ens and non-Ens together ? 

The interrogation means that this is absolutely 
impossible. 

VTI NOR IS NIRVANA A NEGATION OF 
BOTH ENS AND NON-ENS TOGETHER 


The author now proceeds to consider the fourth 
part of the quadrilemma, and indicates the 
incongruity of assuming that Nirvana is a negation 
of both Ens and non-Ens. He says: 

1 This simple statement that non -existence is dependent 
upon previous existence is here given the form of a Scrip¬ 
tural evidence, because it corresponds to the two last 
members of the 12membered pratilya-semuipsda, stating 
that death follows upon a birth. 



( 311 ) 


XV. If it were clear indeed 

What an Ens means and what a non-Ens, 

We could then understand the doctrine 
About Nirvana being neither Ens nor non-Ens. 
The judgment 1 that Nirvana is not an Ens 
would be possible , if we know that there is a real 
Ens, then by its negation Nirvana would be deter¬ 
mined. If we know that there is a real non-Ens, 
then by its negation we would also understand 
what the judgment means, that Nirvana is not 
an Ens. But since we neither know what an Ens 
nor a non-Ens really are, we can neither under¬ 
stand their negations.® Therefore the result at 
1 kalpana—jqarta. ~~ 

3 From this and the following aphorisms it results that the 
fourth part of the quadrilemma, viz. that Nirvfina is 
neither Ens nor is it non-Ens, represents the solution 
favoured by the Madhya-mika. Indeed since Ens in 
aphorism IV and non-Ens in aphorism VIII are conceived 
empirically, as referring to such entities which conform 
to causal laws, it is evident that transcendental or absolute 
existence which is contrasted with both these Ens and 
non-Ens, can be nothing but their simultaneous negation. 
Since this kind of reality cannot be expressed in terms of 
our language, since it is antroacayo, the fourth part of the 
quadrilemma is likevi ise denied, but in terms which are 
altogether different from those used in denying the three 
first parts of the quadrilemma This especially appears 
from the comment upon aphorism VI It is explicitly 
stated above, under aphorism IX. comment p. 530.3 that 
both in the Hlnayanistic and in the MahSySnistic concep¬ 
tion, Nirvana is neither an Ens nor a non-Ens, since it is 
transcendental and inexpressible in terms of human 
language. 



( 312 ) 

which we have arrived, viz. that Nirvana is neither 
an Ens nor a non-Ens, even this negative result 
cannot be accepted as logically consistent . 1 This 
also must be rejected. 

And moreover, 

XVI. If Nirvana is neither Ens, nor is it non-Ens, 
Who can then really understand 
This doctrine which proclaims at once 
Negation of them both together. 

If it is imagined 8 that this Nirvana neither has 
the essence of a non-Ens, nor has it the essence of 
an Ens, where is the man to understand this ? 
Who indeed can understand, who can grasp, who 
can proclaim the doctrine that Nirvana represents 
such a double negation ? 

But if there is nobody to understand this here, 
in this world, perhaps there, in Nirvana, someone 
exists who is capable to realize 3 it ? Or is this also 
impossible ? If you admit it, you will be also 
obliged to admit the existence of an eternal Soul* 
in Nirvana But this you do not admit, since the 
existence of a Soul, or consciousness without any 
substratum,® independent of causal laws you do 
not admit. 

But if there is nobody in the Nirvana-world, 
if Nirvana is altogether impersonal, by whom will 

1 nopapadyate. 

* kalpyate. 

8 pralipatia . 

* Simon, 

6 mntpsiana * asamskrta = paramsrthasat. 




( 313 ) 


it then be realized that there really is a Nirvana of 
such description ? If it is answered that those who 
remain in the phenomenal world 1 shall cognize it, 
we will ask, shall they cognise it empirically 2 or 
metaphysically 3 ? If you imagine that they will 
cognize Nirvana empirically, this is impossible. 
Why ? Because empirical consciousness apprehends 
separate objects* But Nirvana is the whole. There 

1 samsaranaslhtah = prikagjana Jfjas ca. 

2 vijiianena. 

3 jnanina mjnana as nijnana-skandha is contrasted in Hlnayana 
with samjna. The first means pure sensation, and even 
something still more primitive, potential sensation, since 
sensation is spuria. Samjna as we have seen above, text, 
p. 65.5 can be replaced by jnana. We have then a contrast 
between vijiiana and jfiSna, the first meaning undeveloped 
and the second-developed cognition. The relation bet* 
ween these two terms is here, to a certain extent, similar 
to what it is in the BbagavadgltS, whereas the early 
Upanishads make no difference between them, cp Brh. 
3.9. 28, Tail 2. 5. 1, 3. 5.1, Katha, 3*13 Tait 2.1.1. In 
Buddhism, however, mjnana is not empirical cognition, 
but sensation, and jnana, as is quite clear from the context, 
means transcendental or absolute knowledge, sana-pra - 
panca-atita. The Tibetans usually translate this kind of 
jnana not by their ordinary ses-pa, but by ye-ses, i. e. 
highest knowledge. Vtjnana again, in this context, does 
not mean pure sensation, but empirical knowledge, know¬ 
ledge founded upon pure sensation. 

The definition nvmltalambana or nimittagrahin i, or nimitta- 
uigrahanam is given to samjna, and not to mjnana, whose 
defintion is pralimjnapatih, cp. My Central Conception, 
p, 16. But here this difference does not matter, since both 
mjnana and samjna are equally nimitta-grakin when con- 



( 314 ) 

are no separate objects in Nirvana Therefore, 
first of all, it cannot be cognised by empirical 
consciousness. 

But neither can it be cognized by transcend¬ 
ental knowledge . 1 Why ? Because transcendental 
knowledge should be a knowledge of universal 
Relativity.® This is the absolute knowledge, which 
is essentially eternal, beginningless . 8 How' can 
this knowledge which is itself undefinable 4 grasp 
the definite judgment “Nirvana is negation of both 
Ens and non-Ens’’ Indeed, the essence 8 of absolute 
knowledge is such that it escapes every formulation 0 

Therefore the doctrine that Nirv&na j s neither a 
non-Ens nor an Ens at once can be realized by no 

trasted with the transcendental or direct knowledge of 
the absolute; ntmitta has here the meaning of a mark or 
a particular object, mmUa-udgrahanam means abstraction 
or synthesis. 

1 jnsnena. 

2 iilnyatd-dlambana, it is clear that the absolute Reality 
samtfl ta-imyata) is here meant which underlies the Uni¬ 
verse of Relativity (samefti-slinyata). cp 164, n 

f 

8 anutp&dam ena "quite beginnmgless, it is also the knowledge 
of the Universe in which there is no causality (anutpiida) 
This knowledge is also called Omniscience, sarvajnala^sarva- 
dkdrajnaid = siinyata jnsnam - prajns pdramitd. 

* amdyam&na-svarepa , i. e. its character, svardpa, is not to be 
found among our human kinds of knowledge 

8 rapa = svarttpa. 

6 sana-prapaflca-atita, [prapdnto vdk, cp, M vr. p 37? 9 ) 




(315 } 


one. No one can realize it, no one can grasp it, 
no one can proclaim it, consequently it is logically 
impossible 1 

VIII. THE REAL BUDDHA, WHAT ? 

The author now proceeds to state that just as 
all the parts of the quadrilemma, are inapplicable 
to Nirvana, just so are they inapplicable to the 
Buddha who enters Nirvana, He says, 

XVII. What is the Buddha after his Nirvana ? 

Does he exist, or does he not exist ? 

Or both or neither ? 

We never will conceive. 

Indeed it has been already stated . 2 

That one who firmly is convinced 

That Buddha during lifetime did exist. 

Will be convinced that after death 

The Buddha cannot be existing. 

Thus it is that we cannot imagine 5 what has 
happend after the complete extinction 4 of the 
Buddha, does he then exist, or does he not exist, 
after Nirvana ? Since both these solutions are 
unimaginable singly, they cannot be right both 
at once, neither is the negation of them both, 
therefore, imaginable. 

Not alone are all these four solutions unimagi¬ 
nable with regard to Buddha after his demise, but 

1 na yujgate = nopapadyaie. 

2 Translated according to the version in XXII13. p. 447. 

3 nohyala—na kalpya.lt. 

4 nirodka. 



t 316 ) 

his real existence before Nirvana is equally un¬ 
imaginable., 

XVIII. What is the Buddha then at lifetime ? 
Does he exist or does he not exist ? 

Or both or neither ? 

We never will conceive. 

This is beyond our understanding, beyond our 
concepts. It has been shown in the chapter devoted 
to the examination of Buddhahood* 


i 


Ch. XXII This chapter begins by stating that the Buddha 
is neither contained m the elements, (skandha) of a per¬ 
sonality, nor is he something apart from them. (XX 1-2). 
It is the old formula of the Vatslputrlyas and, probably 
of all the early sects who have favoured the idea of a 
superhuman Buddha. If the Buddha consisted of ele¬ 
ments (skandha) he would be analmd . (XX. 3). On this 
occasion, Candraklrti remarks that the term alman in this 
context is a synonym of substance, a real, independent or 
absolute substance (atma-Sabdo’yam svabhuva-sabda-paryayah ). 
If he were not Self-existent, be could not be the Buddha 


since Buddha means Self existent, tathatgala existent in 
reality, in absolute reality. He is then characterised as 
Sanya and ms-prapaflca, the Inexpressible. Those who 
would attempt to give him a conceptual definition (prapa- 
hcayanii) are incapable of contemplating him by mystic 
intuition (no pa&ymti tathagatam) (XX. 20). The Reality, 
□r Substantiality (svabhava) of the real Buddha ( lathsgata) 
,s just the same as the real substance of the world (tcthsgaio 
yatsoabhovas latsvabhuvam idam jagat ). And just as the 
phenomenal world is unreal (nUvsvobhsva), personal 
Buddha is unreal just in the same degree (XXVI 16). 
Candraklrti adds that the unreality or relativity of the 
phenomenal world has been established m tbe firs 
chapter of this work. It u thus clear that Buddha is 




( 317 ) 


IX. ULTIMATE IDENTITY OF THE PHENO¬ 
MENAL AND THE ABSOLUTE 

Just for this reason, since both are equally 
inconceivable, 

XIX. There is no difference at all 

Between Nirvana and Samsara, 

There is no difference at all 
Betwene-Samsara. and Nirvana. 

Since it is impossible to imagine a real Buddha 
living in this world nor to deny it, and since it is 

regarded in a pantheistic light as deus sine substantia. This 
is the strictly monistic standpoint of consequent Mahayg- 
nism. The conception of the Buddha is here quite the 
same as the conception of God (isvara) in the 
adnaita system of Sankara. The yogacSra school has, in 
this point as in others, deviated from strict MahaySnism. 
Just as it had established four kinds of Nirvana, instead 
of the former three cp above, p. 185, it has also four 
kinds of Buddhas or four bodies of Buddhas and four kinds 
of absolute knowledge ( badki ). Here Buddha abiding 
in “altruistic” ( apratisthita) Nirvana appears as a real 
God, the personified Wisdom and Love. His Spirit is 
not that unique substance, undifferentiated into subject 
and object which is the essence of dharma-ksya or tathats, 
but it is a living and sympathizing Spirit which distinguish¬ 
es subject, object and the other separate things of the 
pluriverse by pratyaveksana-jnana The constructions of 
the early YogacSra school regarding Nirvana, Buddha and 
Bodht are extremely artificial and evidently the product 
of a compromise between strict Monism and the theistic 
tendencies of the school, cp, Vinitadeva’s comment upon 
the closing passage of (B. B.) where he seems not to be at 
one with Dharma Klrti, cp. also J. Masuda, cp. cit. p. 57 




( 316 ) 


equally impossible to imagine a real Buddha after 
his Nirvana nor to deny it, just for this reason 
there is no differenc at all between the Phenomenal 
world and the Absolute. On analysis they reveal 
themselves as being just the same in their essence 1 
For this very reason we can now understand the 
words of the Buddha when he spoke, “O Brethren ! 
this phenomenal world® consisting of birth, decay 
and death has no under limit" This is just because 
there is no difference between the Phenomenal 
and Absolute, Indeed, 


XX. What makes the limit of Nirvana, 

Is also then the limit of SamsSra. 

Between the two we cannot find 
The slightest shade of difference 
The phenomenal world being in its real essence 
nothing but the Absolute . 8 it is impossible to 
imagine either its beginning, or its end. 

X. THE ANTINOMIES. 

But not alone that, the antinomies established 
by the Buddha are insoluble for the same reason. 
XXI- Insoluble are antinomic views 

Regarding the existence beyond Nirv&n a , 
Regarding the extinction of this world, 
Regarding its beginning . 4 _ __ 

1 rupa = svarupa. 
a samstixa* 


3 nuvana. theories (dTsfayah) beyond final 

-c-«—* 

laatt] toward. Nirvana, the uppef lnmt and the UI *d 


limit. 



(319) 


All the theories about these questions are 
inconsistent 1 (antinomies). Since the phenomenal 
world and the Absolute, are naturally merged 
quiescent 1 in the Unity of the Whole. 

By the indication* contained in the words 
“after Nirvana' 1 four theories are embraced, viz. 1. 
The Buddha exists after death; 2. after death the 
Buddha does not exist; 3. after death the Buddha 
exists and does not exist both at once; 4 after 
death the Buddha neither exists, nor does he not 
exist. -These four theories are professed regarding 
Nirvana. 

The theories regarding the end of the world, are 
the following ones;-1. the world has limit. 2. the 
world has no limit; 3 the world has and has not a 
limit; 4. the world neither has, nor has not a limit , 
These four theories exist regarding the upper limit 
ie., the end of the world. 

Not being able to know something about 
our future life or about the future of the living 
world, we imagine that the life of the world 
will be stopped. This theory establishes a limit 
to the living world. Similarly, the theory that 
the living world will have no end is produced by 
an expectation of a fiture life Those who partly 
expect it and partly do not expect it profess a 
double theory. Those who d eny both profess the 
1 Mpapadymti. 

8 prdrh'tinMist, cp, above, p. 3, 

8 updaksma, 



( 320 ) 

theory that the world-process neither has, nor has 
not any limit. 

Regarding the beginning of the world there are 
likewise four theories. 1. It is eternal, ie.it has no 
beginning 2. it has a beginning-3, it both has and 
has not a beginning-4, it neither, has, nor has 
not beginning. 

The theory thet the world is beginningless 1 is 
based upon the view that we ourselves, or the 
living world, previously existed. The opposite view 
leads to the theory about the world having a 
beginning. Those who are both convinced and 
not convinced of it will profess the theory that 
the world is both eternal and non-eternal. Those 
who neither are convinced, nor are they unconvin¬ 
ced will profess the theory that the world is 
either eternal, nor is it non-eternal. 

How are the antinomies® to be solved ? 8 If 
any one of these attributes* by which the world 
is characterised as finite, infinite etc. possessed 
absolute reality in itself 8 we would the n understand 

1 s&svata means here, as appears from the context eternal m 
the sense of beginmngless 
a dfstay ah=asj akrta- vast ilm. 

■® katham yujyante. 

* padartha*=artha = dharma mans “any object”, "everything,” 
it contains here an allusion to the following sttnyesu sana- 
dharmesu but the predicates of finiteness, infinity, identity, 
otherness, etc., are more particularly aimed at, they are 
also dharmas. 

5 kascit soabk&vah- 



( 321 ) 


what its affirmation or negation 1 means. But 
since we have established that there is no difference 
between the phenomenal world as constructed 
according to those ideas and the Absolute 3 underly¬ 
ing it, therefore no one of these attributes has 
ultimate reality, indeed— 

XXII. Since everything is relative 8 we do not 

know 

■ What is finite and what is infinite, 

What means finite and infinite at once, 
What means negation of both issues, 

XXIII. What is identity, and what is difference , 6 

1 bhambhaw-kalpana = bhavabhava-jojana, kalptma tn this con¬ 
text means as much as our judgment. 

2 Lit. p. 537. 1-2. “How are 'these views possible ? If 
anything whatever possessed some self-substance, by 
arranging it with existence and non-existence these views 
would be possible.” 

3 This identity must evidently be understood in the sense 
that the Unity of the Absolute is the reality underlying 

, the mirage of plurality. 

4 sanya. 

5 This refers to the question of identity between the Ego 
and ihe body, it is usually formulated as a dilemma, 
whereas the antinomies regarding the end and the begin¬ 
ning of existence, as well as the question about existence 
after Nirvana are formulated in the familiar Indian 
method of quadrilemma. Thus the consecrated tradi¬ 
tional number of 14 insoluble points { anyakrta-vastoni ) 
concerning the four autonomies is arrived at. In XXVII. 
4 ff. the question of personal identity between the pre¬ 
sent Ego, the past and the future one, is examined in 




What is eternity, what non-eternity . 1 , , , 

What means eternity and non eternity 
together, > . 

What means negation of both issues ? 

These fourteen points which by the Buddha 
were declared insoluble, will never be solved/*** 
because we do not know what reality in itself is . 0 
But those who imagine sombkind' > of absolute rea¬ 
lity , 4 and, by either excluding or asserting 6 it, esta¬ 
blish these dogmatical theories, they are influenced 
by a pre-conceived bias 0 . It prevents them from' 
entering the right Path, leading’ to the city 0% 
Nirvana, and binds them to the turmoil of phenom¬ 
enal existence. This should be noted. , 

detail with the result that there is neither identity nor 
otherness. 

1 or ‘‘without beginning,” Sasvata. 

3 natoajujyante. ‘ ‘ 1 '• •*' T T . >• 

8 asati bhsva-svarupe , lit “because they are ’W'gelf-substitint 
things.” Here again we must point out a remarkable 
analogy between the Indian and European philosophy 
with 'respect to the doctrine of antinomies and their 
solution. Kant thought that “these questions naturally 
suggest themselves to the human mind and he inevitably 
must encounter them”, and the explanation he sought in 
the fact that the objects of the phenomenal world are not 
“self-subsistent things”, cp. Critique of Pure Reason, 
(trahsl. by Max, Muller) p. 400. 

* bhava-svarupam ddhyaropya. 




{ 323 ) 

XI CONCLUSION 


An objection is raised. If this is so, will it not 
be possible to maintain that Nirvana has been 
> deni ed by the Buddha ? Will not his doctrine be 
absolutely useless, this doctrine which establishes 
corresponding antidotes for every kind of worldly 
career in. order to enable mankind to reach 
Nirvana. It has been established by the Buddha 
who watches the infinite hosts of living beings in 
their worldly career, who unmistakabley knows the 

- real intentions of all the living world, who is quite 
given up to his feeling of Great Commiseration, 
.who cherishes the denizens of all the three spheres 

1 of existence as only a unique son is cherished ! We 

- ^answer. This- criticism would be right, if. there 

- were any' absolutely real 1 doctrine, or if there 
' ' were'any hbsblutely real beings which attend to 
. ..this law/ or if there were any absolutely real teacher, 

a divine Buddha, But since in a monistic Universe 
, that does not exist, we are not hit by your 
, accusation. 

XXIV. Our bliss consists in the cessation of all 
>■ ’ thought, 

In the quiescence of Plurality., 

To nobody and nowhere no doctrine 
about separate elements 2 
By Buddha ever has been preached ! 



2 dharma is here used in both senses, a doctrine about 
dharmas. Not a single one of the Hlnay&nistic dharmas 
(elements of existence) has been taught by the real 



( 324 ) 

In this case how can the reproach made above 

■ * ffe . ct us 1 ° ur is that Nirvana represents 

Quiescence, i e. the non-applicability 3 of all the variety 
of names 8 and non-existence of particular objects 4 
This very Quiescence., so far as it is the natural 
(genuine) quiescence of the world, is called bliss. 
The Quiescence of Plurality is also a bliss because 
of the cessation of speech or because of the cessation 
of thought. It is also a bliss because, by putting 
an end to all defiling agencies, all individual 8 are 
stopped. It is also a bliss because, by quenching 
all defiling forces, all instinct (and habits of 
thought) 0 have been extirpated without residue. 
It is also a bliss because, since all the odjects of 

Buddha, since on p.539. J-2 it is stated that neither a 
defiling (sdmMestka) element, i, e. ignorance, and deshv, 
nor a purifying one ( pmyavadamkd ), i.e. prejaa and samsdht, 
has been taught by the real Buddha, i e. by the Buddha 
conceived as Dharma-kaya, the Cosmos. The whole cata¬ 
logue of the dharmas is evidently meant, and their relati¬ 
vity and unreality from the transcendental point of view. 
But since HlnaySna is Pluralism, i. e. a doctrine about 
the elements, a Dharma about the dharmas, dharmdnudhama, 
both meanings are no interwoven that in many contexts 
both will apply. On p. 537.13 the general meaning u 
evidently intended. 

* ika. 

a apravTtli. 

8 prapafica, prapaiieo vak. 

* nimitta. 

8 jareman. 

« vssana, explained as ponam jnanam, but conceived as a 
cosmical Force transcendental illusion. 



( 325 ) 

knowledge have died away, knowledge itself has 
also died. 

When the divine Buddhas have entered blissful 
Nirvana in which all Plurality has vanished, they 
are like regal swans soaring in the sky without any 
support, 1 , they are hovering in the wind produced 
by their two wings,® the wing of accumulated 
virtue.® and the wing of accumulated wisdom,* 
or they are hovering in the wind of Space, that 
Space which is the Void. 5 Then from this eleva¬ 
tion, all separate ebjecls having become undistin- 
gishable. 0 the Buddhas have not preached, neither 
about the defiling elements 7 of iife, nor about 
its purifying elements, 8 neither in the divine 
worlds, nor in the human world, neithr to gods, 
nor to men. This should be realized. 

Accodingly it has been declared in the Arya- 
tathagataguhya-“The night, when, O Santamati, 
the Buddha has reached the highest absolute 
enlightenment, the night he was about to pass into 

1 asthana-yogena. 

2 paksa-pala, the meaning of bias or fervour, towards a 
special doctrine is equally here intended. 

8 punya-smbhsra. 

4 jntuta-sambhsra. 

5 akimcana, an illusion to the doctrine of isnyata; the lofty 
Bodhisattva is hovering in the regions of Relativity, which 
is here poetically compared with the Void (svabhiva- 
sengaa). 

0 sana-mmitta-armpalambha. 

7 ssipkleitka-dharma 
- 8 vatyaoadsntka-dhoTma. 



L 326 ) 

* r 1 f 

) Final Nirvana, at that occasion the Buddha did 
’ not pronounce even one syllable, he has nbt sp oken , 
nor does he speak, nor will he speak. 1 But since 
' all'living beings, according to the intensity of their 
' religious fervour, 1 appeafr as‘ different 1 characters* 
with different aims, 8 they imagine, 4 * the Buddha 
preferring on different occasions a variety of discour¬ 
ses. On'separate occasions it occurs to them "this 
to his Buddha teaches us about such a topic,”* "We 
listen teaching ‘about this topic''. ’ But the Teal 
Buddha 8 is never engaged m thought-construction, 
in thought-division 'O. 'S&ntamati, the Buddhas is 
averse to all plurality which is produced' by our 
' habits of thought. 7 that' Pluralty which is the’cause 
of an entanglement of thought constructions 8 ’ and 

of the dismemberment 9 o r f the worlS’s Unity,' 10 

1 - « ■ " ■ ■ — 

1 yathsdhtmuktsh. 

a vidotdha-dh&tu, d&htu evidently in the sense of getra. 

3 (mmdha)-&£aya. 

4 sonyananti. 

6 or element, dharma. 

6 i. e. dharma-kdya. 
i 7 vnsana—pSToam jiisnam. 

8 kalpana =>yojana. -■ , , 

3 vikalpa—divaidfukarana. 

i° This is a purely Mah&y&msbc doctrine, viz. that Buddha, 
as soon as 'he became S' real > Buddha, did nbt speak, 

> - because human speech is not- adapted to express, and 

•f ' human knowledge incapable to realize conceptually, that 
unique Substance of the Universe with which Buddha 
Mmsplf is identified as dharma-kaya and which appears 
directly to the intuition of the mystic. • The logical' value 
of the tenets samajHo na oakta and asaroajgo . vakta is analy- 



* e O \ 


( 327 ) 

M ' 

Indeed, , 

Unspeakable unpronounceable are all elements, 
Relational, 1 quiescent, pure,. 1 ' 

Those are real Buddhas and Bodhisattvas* 

Who realize them in this their pure condition. 

t 

. But if the Buddha has preached no doctrine of 
separate elements nowhere and to nobody, how 
is it then that we hear about his various discourses, 
constituting the Scriptures ? 

' i r ,t ' % r i ‘i !■ 

We answer. . Mankind is plunged in the slumber 
of ignorance, they are as though in a dream, they 
have a wealth .of constructive imagination. 8 It 
occurs to them, "this Buddha, this Lord over all 
gods, demons and human beings in all the three 
worlds, teaches us about this topic.'’ 

Accordingly it has been said by Buddha, 

The Buddha is but a jreflexion 
Of the pures passionless principle^ 

- He is not real, ; jhe is not the Buddha. 

’Tis a,reflection th at all creatures see. _ 

sed .with much subtlety, by Dhannottara in the Nyfiya 
bindu,-p. 66.19 ff and by Vacaspatimisra in the Nyaya 
kaniks, p., 110. -16 and 112. 22 ffL M. de.la V. P. /- 366. 
n 1 of his ’edition, thinks that this doctrine is in glaring 
contradiction with what is repeatedly stated in the Pali 
Ganon- No wonder, since Mah&ySna is Monsim and 
Htnay&na Pluralism. Spinoza can hardly be expected to 
agree with Aristotle. 

1 Sanya. 

8 kumara=jim-putra. 

8 sva-vikalpa-abhyudaya. 


( 328 ) 

This is likewise explained at length in the 
chapter about the "Secret meaning of the Buddha’s 
words.” 

Since there is thus no separate teaching about 
separate elements, for the sake of reaching Niyvina, 
how is it then possible to maintain that a kind of 
Nirvana exists, because the discourses 1 about the 
elements 2 of existence really exist. Therefore it is 
established that this kind of Nirvana does not really 
exist. Accrodingly, it has been said by Buddha, 
“The Ruler of the World has said 
That this Nirvana is not real Nirvana; 

A knot by empty space entwined 
By empty space has been untied ! ” 

And moreover, “Those who imagine that some¬ 
thing can appear and disappear, for then O Blessed 
one, the real Buddha has not yet appeared! Those) 
O Blessed one, who seek a realistic 8 (definite) 
Nirvana, they never will escape out of the world- 
migrations ! For what reason ? Because, O Blesse^ 
one, Nirvana is the merger 4 of all particular sip»,^ 
the quiescenee of every motinon and commotion. 
Ignorant indeed, O Blessed one, are all the those 
men who having become reclu ses in the name °_ a 

1 the reading of to Mss, de&anan&m is perhaps to be retained 
{abhidheya-bahtilval). 

2 dharna. , .j 

8 bhavotnh =■ sna-bhanatah i, e. not that Nirvfflw w 1C 

immanent to the Universe. 

4 prasama. 

8 sana-nmittanam 
0 saroa-injUa-saminjtla . 



doctrine and discipline by them imagined. 1 are 
seeking for a realistic Nirvana and have thus fallen 
down into a false doctrine which is not Buddhist. 
They think to win Nirvana is the same as to get 
oil out of oil-seeds or butter out of milk ! I declare, 
O Blessed one, that those who seek Nirvana in the 
fact that separate elements of life will be absolutely 
extinct, 2 I declare, that they are not better then 
the most self-coneited gentiles.” 

“A Master of Yoga,® O Blessed one, the man 
thoroughly trained in Yoga does not really produce 
something new, nor does he suppress something 
existing, 4 nor will he admit that something, some 
real element, 5 can be attained, or seized by absolute 
knowledge. 6 etc/' 

Finished the Examination of Nirvana, the 25th 
Chapter in the comment, upon Relativity by the 
Venerable Master Candraklrti. 

1 svSkhyata. 

2 pariniraTla=parito niruddha. 

8 Yogacara, here in the general sense of a MahSvanist, not in 
the sense of Master of YogScSra school. 

* as the Hlnayanist teaching about yoga-samsdhi assumes, 
cp above p. 14 and Central Conception p. 51. 

5 here dharma refers to the phalas attained by msrga. 

8 abhisamaya — pTajnd-pdTamxtd. 







33fo5P$ l 

: ? : 

( Containing the original of Dedication and 
Chapter 1 of the Translation.) 

sswmtefT ;tpt sm srpot^ \ 


tupf i towf TT 1333 wn \\ * il 


TOT I 

T5?@wnft sStew trst# sprt%”Timi 



ferifa^f?r«WTWRT 


f^rasl^T 



i 

IUII 


TWl^TR srfoFTW ^ I 

wpra5RftTOW»rgJ ^fHqnsmu^Kit snsrsn^ ll ff II 


w ‘h «nfa tot) t snaro*.’ (^ 

TOmrtf ?n^ i to qnft sr^> 

srg^iwRf^fff tnjwftTRs^s- 

^ TTW^T^t^plf? ^n tf K4M i4 - 

^3lfaH<k*aW<(irapr&{ WRTT TOT- 
P*W TOStopRj^ J ^ TT TSgRagl 5fTOT:— 






sr'esifer m 3§^^iri«Ei5n«r% fsffg^ft vtw^ i 


> ..... 

hhi^F ^E*nn , TO^35Frcsnftiferpr ^pN^r- 
jr yr^c^nn - 
TOTJJ^ ^rsrmFT 3ITC7(yu|'iWlflf+M3> spJTflf 
‘u^'bi+t STRIT— 


v» ■ ■ 

^M^r^n^ *rew*w (vwl ^ n 

wn^k i ^srrftd^^fir^rDif^rsi strsit- 

ft^n*f: i ^sres5>r$^fo«r3srar f?Rrfar strsr?* srarNtf 

*nprt sncn I 

jtwttt: i aT*rs®ssta8?rer wg^Hra: II 


grspsrenareg fir^t I cTsr i sramsfl- faster 

I j r ^^p^Rffc^a ?;1 ?rra<ft fa?*rc i **ng- 
fersf: | «CTyq mi q a?^^ l aftsfavnar t l ^ s^rfa^s?: I 
irRTsff firensn i sarfa^w: i suinfemw, fasrss&n- 
srferatert srfa$sr^ipnRT?iq; i faFfafawr;, tfffage&nwfer* 
?nftf faK^s^wrera: I «?feterwaf;, srfa: sr^ra: i aro^- 
^«r tri<tf 4 fanRuri+u<x— 


yyiyifoj vj"R«PTf =)cJ|s«^l3( I 

artfro-fegy rg^ *w^r *r«rFwr u 

o^r^ars snFn^GSTFit i t % 

sn^rkT^ sfa q ggnqqgg* sn^ml 1 tsF?^' 

Sfaft «TFrHTf?n^J snffarag^Trersn 11 

gp^ g faffiRT! I ^ ^n^rsr^WTJ I M(q«ff- 

S ^5?IK ^ I fct 
fam i fa ”, “sr: sRrtererg?qTC *R?fa * ** 

^n«fw 



MciwT'Cten gw ww srarcopj) 

sgsTfg: i n i “gags sra'ta g g??q% ^gf ^irwn ” 

gtensfgr 1 sr€t^?i^ srg- 

gfg-—srpg wgg:, srafcg giRig ?% i 3Tfft$grsHgtfosfg 
gggfg-ggj softer, gg:sn<g, gsrgri gfa&fg *rm\- 
gig.1 gferR* %c£T 5 i 5 % “g§: srefta ^nfai g s?*g| gsg- 
f^srigg" wnww&MW 

fggfgjgg^ ^Tesrt gg: scfiosr fwtf ^rrfSr g ?fg ftgig: 
^nq[ i g ggfom i pg t TO^ r frgg^re ^ri^nr^n w 
g^|—- {t gteng <a K^ q=fer, t^j srr^m^n^, *sqw<z- 
5ft®s*g g tfggpfcgw, ^twig n&*m . sgter *rgwig: 
srnar ggg i srRr srfg Rn i teMia^re : sraferers^ns' 
TO^ qrsm- ^ r sjgggfggli ctr 
^ feraigifa giggErgisg^ i f% gR®!^? «h % srregsf srgter- 
sgjgi, graft srfg ^*-h i 4 sgrgt, gT&ftsn’sgafg.jfg* 
gf| srfg.sncR^ f srgfgg g g<n^i«C sn?n%g gggfg i 
Ig^grgf sn^r to srgfcrergRig sggrrfgtg 

ggT gf gt Iggwgqnwft stft ggg srater ^ggng ?fg 
^tarrafgsg: %g% i aw fg^grtm:, g?T gags sttw ^mPr 
^fg g gterwT: tfgw # u gg gwgigprFsNragT- 
gnw it 

. wr atggs^ l f%gi sr ^gg . (< g§t sratetwigg 
ggrci% gagftsrrcg” ffg, araPTEgre fagw. sfg 
$jwg., ggft gt*m% i % grogg ? w^?r ggri^: ?r‘gg 
S^Rggrtn^g srigingwagig, i awwgfgsng: wr?f 
ggn srrf^gg^fer, gtftgiStg ggnfSggsr- 
gtf?fg, qggfq; g 5^, ‘srraarestsg {gags’ ^raifqr sngg- 
^qggrg. 1 snw?w?w g a^ aw ^ngfaw ig 1 srregaf^g 

_£-£_?5s_a_ 


gganw gggrer gfaraggraggwg: 1 
^g^qggigi ggt ^rggft 11 







wnl s^niq^—«f% dt, srft & 
*wR> e ?Rr ^srarerarsf: sfttarag- 

gnjrrfj ft ,, l cnrfq- s frnnr& , st ^graaw iwwpfh sr^Nrirsf- 
%|l^iwfwRR:, g^sg?n^ ^ 1%qfeRcn ^. il 

®j*nf4' ^^c4 i??rs??T¥5^r s t ^R^ et- 

R'*R«ii-^, a^fir fftqqvn?:, <ww«i mlJid^ iw fefafe . 
9TR^rsrF^oT • •-* „ 

y^'oiw *(<3 > ^« , «i" «i)t4rW y^y^TT^rarj i 

l^ncgqw^i srsr 

^flr sfcr i 

^s^nwpmT^r?rg *reR, g^sRf^r, && 

srrsf sffcr 1 gg?% zfew ^®rel y^rr*g4- 

?T i 5??r® sraifsT ll 

<R^f IgsrcTOTfor m^RTg?^ 4R<*)4«raT **mr ^r 

^ *rraTHf Rffag 

*nrRj dw^nwT 5Erti5TRf Trrafaf *r*n*rfwr sErtief ?w- 
ggif^sr wsfy1 *r ^T?ft ^rffy: sreterag^n^ ^n%^T- 


Rpg^ i wr ^r fsrftsn- 


«r y Ry 
II 


ysn sjwsrrefar srRrrT?- 




My1cwg<4 T gg r 
, i 

r jns^FW y ^sftroim., st'l^r- 
sn^RTJftsfwfwfy - *r w wtewjp’TKJ 
=? sfersrsTf^ 

sra^grt^pnsg r ff^yyg^nt'P’faT f%?fr n 

I 




m 5r<T»^t<T5FT toj i 

Isimma ?f^g?cf ^ ^ n ^ it 




enwgifeg 'Tf^nr^ sn3srernRhi«l<^ snfta 

srerrris^ sn^prf *$jrt ?msRf fsRt'wfir—’g?gf gtfirfg H 
gnt ^ l^lsr^r 'jg srf^srs sgrryfgdw'gfc <itafarhr- 
smr: fsng?r*ng sffaftgq; i fi;— 

^ q^iWWyTOt, 1 

Ew<wc ° n ^ i fi^sarpfrr u Dr« 
i gq n wt p f fipnft ^ ^g?n^r wfagsg wcifft- 
i 

^srlq^sr fg^enf^srig^g^pf sr^wtst gr re rl: sr*reft«rtr 
snsrsdra^nn^ i *& qf Waww . ^rtgr 

q fiaftwfa , <rcg:, ssnre:, ®ri^rt m Tft^g i ^ 

sff<m?r 5% fsrfHsns— 

?! ^ snft 'Reft 51 gTWrt q icq^H 1 : I 
3cTOT 5 tt§ vngr: srrrt u 3 it 


gg gTfkfg 'ssrfaf^r*?* i ^sma? sngrorgsrj 
^go^trakr I %g?nsis? anggg^j %f^gs?^g: i 


genrtg ^fg?g:— 4 g srg 3 c<r?rr stt§ fg^s% sr^n:, gj^, 
%gg i qaf MC r ^M-q^fi u 


qg =q—3g *gg toj geqsn ^ f%g 

mHlfa I g HT^fg I srerssqsrfaftssrer {ggfe-g;^, qrc:- 
eft^geTRW JrfgfosgWong, I 2RT '^ft'T'FrTT W g?ITft 5T 

staiRr, w— 


3 ^wvr^g jpfrsfer qrlar- 

sng^g 'arfirgst^r g tg 5^1 

[ qsqn+'lcfdR —\.c 3 


' ' miWWWRP? 

4 ^ w&f* il^ rreng—g srer. *nwv, zgm~ 

ggsgiq., arfeWfRlq'ra I g fi[ RRRT fop T R Frt q-g iqfa f 
*gNggfer i ra*r ^srfir rai^r, g 

sn^ggfgli 

^ 5 w?ng:—^^q- j ^g|gr?aiwIwR 7 ?rd^rT- 
gfolKW i s«r#m=H<*ti-«>*f ‘frotof- 

TS^*TWR»TOTOWIH gT ^gfrRl 

gg^ggggggssggig gg q^rw: i *&f ^<«n ? era 
wigggs ^gtfSFd igfggigifgfg, gg^sg, i f% qjRoiq; ? 
^remerc egg gcqfeg^qg^g sWget—egg gig | g;l i g 
gi*g ■gfcqeitgfg? g ra fa«ugig*g ggg^qrft ggtgg qggrg:, 
grggegf ra q$raiw 1 g ra eggT s eqsre r ag g a-ug f®Rteg- 
rawT rapra^fg-1 g eg rf sr gqgfraq? gg Rgjg: *g 7 »jggg- 
fggNrsglgi fofiffd 'ret gpra^fg gg> ^gpgt- 
MWwg T 1 ^ egig. ? 3 T?r egi^qggfg<>gg)ggg 7 fa g 
f gggt , ggT fgssgggi ^fgT^T^rnrfq $g PNag 1 g 
rafrgg ^g ercTegpff fggig ^er 1 gegrargan fsgTggTgaT- 
fr gi cg g . - migr 4 : iHagfa me gfe Rggfg n^rag i g *g 
giwrig^r gg: ega^ g^gR q>§ gee qejRravgqggT- 
g reig.! gafrgRT^^g— 

geg qssft g 1 
• gtn^wrfer^onfq g?g ggf g siggt u 

( ^qRWf-t^ V\ ) 

fww^wiHd^n rat^C— 

. lOT^g srfasn rf^ - gg gg 1 

gifig ra gg srieraT gwiragrfe i)r gig: 11 
?rfg j%fragqra^*f sggSNf Igga^f rar 1 

, [ Pi« ^°m n a 'Tr— v-3 ° ] 



awwitaff *iw w srawmi i 




^fg-1 g?T iHlwrlflWj ggT 

§g: wg ^tvttw” ?fg wgwr 

srfgsn gwr gferr: srwgwi«pt l grrstf srfgirr*f i % ^ 1 ^- 
gn s wrag g gg ^Ruiug'Swifvfg 1 f% gig.* ? 
fwgsroran, qrRonw^p^«i fgg^TsrgT, fer- 

m srehr q faftw fi n nr ggngrfgf i r 1 igtam^ faepngcgr- 
f?fg fe^nanf fgg^Tsfgr gT wrac., *F8r ra^ng- 
gw ’pfiw fg'g^i*fgpns sft|iu«r gw ^wft: i gwrigr- 
gg[%K! en^%aFTfe$5r g gnf#r: II 

srsnft wigr-gisgSrorct w ca f ewrewfigit w- 
Wg , a«4 fri w Id <5 6 Tm KlsfW1^ W «i 

wg t>g iggFwfgdg-g^ggr wg gg « n g ^aMrf>0%.3: 
q^rRiwfggsgq; i 3323- gggftsqrraTg, g<Wmfi$.Ri-gg *r 
»w gta ?fg i \ gg^r^i f%«. ruii£? gwi^gtfc 
gg*r srld'jfwT^, ^g wfegfggg^gqt fgsrgigngMggr 
w 3TOT ararggfsfgng: §ghqf%: gq^Ewri 

gw#r <in*^rj— ggrtgg 


1 g gw (gr^r ?) srfar 1 IgfgFgrgggTg 
srRteriguKg^g %gs wfffgssngT^gTggg'ng'g ?fg fggg- 

gsrwtfg 



fgggrw wsg* ?jm ggg wsrfg- 


arai'srg^f wgteggrgfgdg#r ggrggfa:, gteajgTfag 
wgFfppnfe^ 1 ^rwfg g wg g?RP% gigg, 
gjggn^tgwlRfg gggTg;, snrif gfiw^g wiwgrfgg- 
graw 1 g>wiRig %g,, ggr f| gw 

^g^fggWrm^j g ff WTWgT twgFTRt ggggfR 5Tgt- 

ggfafg 1 3T%g g gi^g grwgTggggTgggw qgsrfcrgw 
grg’grggiwwta'reigj^ 1 gar wreggr fgggig^w^g |g- 
gn*msi swigtgwtfgwStg rgiwgffgq^: ll gar 
ggr-srfgw: sis^j 1 ^ggwig. 1 ngfr^ftw* %s ggr 
gg» I ggT g f?g4?! J}i OI i* I gWRljggiWlgfgW ?fg ^d'P* 









^'vk&mm fhutwiuiii*^^w^» 

[ m fe?a«r$5? ] 

am— 

*rat am^d gtfd i 

^ ^ Sat SI % 5T^^^<iai$iras«nfaT II y 

[ afeafircm-^.?^ ] 

SCifo meaRr—> 

sra^ mjgqRi a f| aiwrata an i 
** awnsftf^gsr arfq g r re r a n u 

[ ne srrc-^.a ] 

%fall 

TOfar^sj f^twRrfa §n, g^granj; i tftcsnfa a#r- 
smremasgqmTTn i gc TCT ^M-O a ^ aTf^gT m f| atf^rr 
1%fW^ aia§[ jpr i& cfarisaa i tpr 

si mfq ata: ?aa a?ifa srfa<rai, a awtemft fsrtfa- 
orenrasa win i #at f| ?aa: mar g&mrrfeig faarcmr- 
aara ^i??>n^pfg?q^ f&a ia v si ra srfamn i tsmrrarefsft 
o^rsRsmqTJiw i |fa sr^m ^qwfisa^r n 

arfq -a i wg&i gsqfrasr^sr^Rni%q^|on fmm- 
^agip?^, am saatsf^raft israte:, srrwmRr^ ar 
amn i c totpFs: wwraspraraasr w jsnngqsnnn i 
^ffcTr at gm f a«gra rmft a gfa %n» imnsfa §?iaaift <sw 
{wavin'* ^imaf mgtrataf mmaa aarfraala^n^ 
aaifesrRftafmirq^ qmnsm?°rfafa %a., & aff aafo 
atesa CTra:—^rtfant •srgrrrtaf imrpfar sn^jarfaftfai 
a =^^5=Eg% i a^jn^sfq ma^ai^a 
*nn> sirfTOaiasrpgqwn matsfoniarc i8j#n wiRla 
ag^eRUl 



S RqWiku gw srmr S F fiT o pT I 





3T«r OTri.—w 3if?r?r: ?reg ffo 
jth% g fgstes, f| ^ 

^smtigwr ^rff gr^g^Tglfg^s 5 |u^, sr < t?^jt- 
%^; 1 gpTT^ptt ’TH^, 5T sff^T ^5%^: I g^T tft- 
sr(d-JiHM^ gfg ?l»Tf *If^j ^r 

qidfafag i! srcr s^j, *r sggtsfogj i vtf ggitfgsr f^snr- 
frtsft gig snhp> ! j *r AgH t ar«r fgirgsp:, *gr 

ma g ifa # # i gwrs; mm gggfWgrsrgra^g 

g^tegg ffg ^.ira^r^i 



m^rgfsfgsrg}, gfg gfgoi * g- 
Pfwr faqgNrgrara i w *ug w sps^fe jgg* fa i 3g r- 
sftegT i ^ fgqgkiftqgfaft i g?RT fgW&gara- 
seg^g %?rr^, g?T §g: gggqgigi^rcgT- 

w^refe r; 1 g«n g ar^nf«mrf# gi*grcttftf fgtfgft%Stg 
%*nfg, ggr f^sgs^^g^frcgreqsiSur:, ^g ggjgt 
wife ^ngr V arg ggr^rngmif:— 

gig %fg§q@^g srgg^g fggg&f m \ 
iRgsffifgfiRg^gggigT^sg'TTSwi; it fig 11 


ggygg f*Fgt 


[ fgo oJJIO—f 0 ] 



argf Igfgwfgq^gT- 
r. gffg gag; mu gffcg sng :1 
fig g cBng^sfe^isrA <T5rgW;, sroraiflngfr gr |§gta; i 
5?ggf^R ggpuj, II 

fg^g**nftg!f*g srpgq; i gg f$ ^s g^mM^Pkg - 
grengpg g arfgg%gfg#g sgkfa tffgsit i g &g ggj- 
ggi5]f^gNiRtgf gg?n suffix gift qgiro: i 
# gife fggsftrcg gn«ni n 

m |gW%^Tsf%!g^sfg gfc?: n 

f?«r %?g^, g^gggcg^gnf gaft^sgfswyiggsgjf^ 
%°i i g^gT«gT#gqggggi?ng^T tsgTgg;, ggr gsrrgftg fgg- 
?ng.i g% g«rr ggp^grfe igfgg gggi, stf?t 
I ggigfiflg u 



X* 


wwmikS 


gigwrensg g?ggs ? *r‘t?gT g*n ggjg&g {g^rra, gg m- 
*rm ?rer 1 ?ffc«n *ggt Igfaflr^TsfgT i wn«ra^^, 
«r *rerra*r ^g^r^gf fefy'5' ggr i 

3 >*f fgggqrl' *r% 55^ 11 

[ g® sir®-?'* ] 

^^\lgf^fgr grggpf:i mtf-q q ^n^gt jg£- 
W^gq^srTf^: arfe^TsfgT fqg^jggT *ri j|^fg 11 
vazH*ri R\&ii «nfcr ^ fefcc gfl t di fr T , g^T- 
WH^qlg+u^g ^«I#IfTO|g%g ?qg srg ^ ^W- 

fe^gfqig *rgfaqg snsgiffr s?n|»?p% 1 g^sn—g totf- 
*fa* q^regsreg^bcg: enem^^paggspqr, TO^Tg., asT*rr 
«rc*g 1 3F?R7—g qft TOrafa igq%n: g^crsn«gTflir- 
qrpnggfg^gqjT: JRggT sr?f}q^, TCgig, frepn g«^ r- 
^r ?fg 1 qRs^Tff?^ sgg q gTfa&q 11 

2RTT =gi^F—gcq?gT 153 smgrRqqrr TO, gfgqfgfgf?r- 
^q*q TOf 5 rf|g?g |gkfegmnggr^- 
fggorr s^ps^, ®nr wnfifrw grfgg: snrrqsgr gig- 
«tptrr( q^gg? ^i^mk^T! wf?g qwgg ^Rr *rr«ref, 
gQ-qlgR^ia^q^K^nRIy |gk%gi^gr, *Rtog?n?- 
fgqgRg fgSNiRrfg I qg ^fgjqTg^sR-qprTsratsncf gq 
g*qt, artgegr^, ngttqgfffg a^g^gts *gg qgife^gT- 
affTT sffcgr II 

g TOiT«fg: ’EPfTFr gsr q?gRr, ■gaRf^Rgig., 
gqi*n qF-rginn i g*n—g qg g?5% *rHgqMM;, 

^qgg. 1 grwggTqT g g^, sj^gig., gwRrsJ, ^iRjs 
% cqwfe ffo: *gg qg gW 11 

srrgrRfg g^g qwtsSqgfgraj: i fa 'gs**- 
gsntgjRjT^Fgtgggifg *gg gwqgnq;, ^ (Rgq. 
*gg g?qqjfgrfqrfg gsigtot ?gigrig* i P«R %g, 

'gg^i wrafarorani 







Hgwsrar qqwjg^q > ^ 

?r«ft^oisrer# «>r ^ «$gr ^ nCTfe^^ri^K 
snnjftfg, ?r. s?i#Tt, «i 

^amg^fi ' 5TW?r 1 1 S3cF5W*JWR a^W^' 

#ft 5TF& i ?! ww jt^ss^ tRsfen^sr- 

i gsn %—-to wg: sr ^qsrg 

fir^, ^5israfeOTf*r^ wto^ 5 tot^ «r=r ^ 
* P 3 TK 3 ?5f ^ 3W TO.3? 5 mft 5nfe. WT^, 3f%f I ^ 
W8§ro ^pwnrsfirq, ^i^to^toto ^sn%r i srasr 

3STTOI3TO5«£Hr' prrsw^TST qsfrgj- 
qfarqHrc, ?ra; w^twr snq? 

r, ^ S ^" _3tiHl5Ri, ^Z 1 We * m 1 3r ^ ar > ^ ^ 55T- 
*t <rcs%^ s sNig m asr^iq i Hisifelig; 
*KiM|Spsrt 5Hnwl$tt3f ’grfgoft spfi H^feTO- 
grat^T, i g w wwt htPf tost?: | 

to w gt%, g«n i sftfefRjfo- wn^ tpi 

mm ^fepfq —h TO: qfe%3T^rw- 
^ toRi^ i ?Rg ?f^— g- 

* tow q«?uf m, snrotsrffer- 
5Rrra> qsr Jwprfsv^^r: u 

5rofcr J% ^ w „ 

TO*%qi% safe , 

!! ** "fo* 1 ?*?. ftTO rereg, TOm%*rar 

s^n^TOj ii * *** 1 

- TOtsfir 5>W$ V^i , qrRTRT^ I IT^_ 

sronfgs^i 

f Ho 5 TIo—J *m 1 



t* 




??T5r sr%qwRc!i% i snft 

srft- st— 

s^arater *rfc ?tr q$svf^®r, 

«n^r Trif 5j§®: Hrf^dtsf'TOR! i 
'JPTT <? »RcS§ sr&TST 
5?*f TC^d%^s«rTi%sl7 ^wnfi. u 

t HWWCWHTt- VtV ] 

^nf^n [ iiwrarenaraii] ^ sRqfferi^?tercter: n 

srr^pTTTrfestg sgT^—g q*<j jttw, 


^nwRn«wf% < RT!f $?srr, sra: hjtw: ari^ wr 
<mz^r *n^i.*, §?fer^rf%g?r#s, ^ 5rmsE#ctsni 
am *Rh ra ? TO£H. i^rt sn'^^w^J'nfir- 
[ sfar ] i m’rzmmiTWj 1 srfe- 
t n%R E n^ CTorwMiRww t R?rfwT?i4^^ r *?%f%- 
^sr%frr st gsww snT*ft^ ii 

grwrwfa sftasrpfl# «nwu, '3srsreefnfwf|a?tasrafT^ 
I f£— 

?*tTs*n*qf swsf i sfir it 

" [ *f<> 5no-«A ] 


t- g r ro fo *sre ? yrcri ■? sif^^i 

[ qo sn»-<:"tf ) 


sjsTtt &T ■sr 3PT3Tf^ 

*i*pftera*nn , i ?, iT n 

[ nawiwmt-v^ ] 


tWlRjW*Win«* H 



ajsnft wrnm&tt. ^ faftwrag*** ™*g* 
^ ggr 0^®” *rafa-^p 



srcciwTteiT 3m n«RT otto \ SK 

gafsnt «ro«wrw5w i_ j*nw *r 

g^Tgl iUxb^imi gfe I ^RasfojKltd u 

uF&nft ^ ■ ■u^a ’ i^ ig p k, *nnfq?rg®JU f?TO- 


JEtlPOUHlElElHi 


?r?rit «f^rar‘*arm?n- 

arfirerra § (?) tf*$TCT 3WT?*f3raffo: | 
swer fi: faws% ?taf sgqsnr; n 

gsrr-3?nfTSi ^Hwwra^«fli?tii <T«rFrarci f w^fq r 
srafat wm, ^ yT«rRsT^ *Jipr «uh.ki:, 
if sn#f Tis*Rrt fteamre %3 tt%, ^ - ’ HaUiRai- 


qjjwre i ^fNt^rw7, *rftfsr ft(fir?)^sra- 
tpf ftdgrnr: MaV^awif^qa^ret , srg-^r- 




ILUtdELili 


5 T 3 ^?W|i)aj3f T tgs' WR?fT-W% fwrs TOT SRSf 
3Tg5ranfttttW ftqWj;, q^ feEK TST w ^ t r?r?3Tir: ffg- [ 

^n-witck^ to wt a t f^ g a rar s-nr i ^fktnf^r^Tri., srsiq- 

gi^iMi i a*rr- 

^rRtrgtTFf ^tf I^tt g^glqm I 
hut *fefTRT: q»< r <*lft< TT-1 

^rr^qtf ^ RaHMxw iR^^awi ii ^ 11 


Rn qrat OTssn^qRrc^: i 

srRRp«tef< sif# 11 # 11 








W swluilfiM ilf II 

^wAni^wI^Eifl^r g%; s^-sgi I^rtt 

«n%nf^%, Wrft sferra? 

^nf 'fi'JiMl+iH<i^ara 3 gglg«T*fkf'r f^RTsprh srren gf 
^qtiiwii^iwjm^uHif yrtgfir ^ T R ?? 5r p i: u 
‘g ?gg: 5 [ *ro stto r? ] S5 *tt%it gfe^qflrd r il . 
g^n gfaqg g gra ifw w fli q g i 
*nr ^ gfaggior: ^ ^rr u 


[g«5Fto-^?j 

g^T *nn3% g$ig(s|: i 

u gi&swwl 1 fit gre*nftf?!?l<r <?fsR^H 

[*ro 51TO-??-? ] 

g sifer gre^^gg^ i 
srfgfi^flrragT greTgRfa*nfggT u 

[ Ho 5Ho-tV» ] 

s^rrf^gr snmrt gRg; n 
ggf ^ sn^sg^mfgHg- 

^ ^ g r ra r gink- 

srrcig fg%n, %x ^rrof: i % y-jwu g®ragn:rcr 
faf£ gr:, g=5g!% I gp?? ^ ^rapgr: sj^raifilir- 
^ ■» t».Qw .ww iggrpy n n«ri to rBB TOfo >faft»- 

fgffsrs g Jjkra!: I ^sss- 

r, g ^rpf^rjri- 



gtaigtiitivyfasta srprfg 
ggtofrgT gg^r ^ren i 
gf^gg: g^ra^regg^TT 

cngfg^gghc II 

[ HHlfHTI3I-»*H ] 

g^jgeq^^tgr *vmi sflwnrBtf g^^ngig^g- 

gRofeMHNPn 11 



a g wreten hw spw wzvm i 
^•KTHTorf 

«., in^ nfe =!T^n n n^feir 
<EF55ff?$raTfe 'ti+tlfai, fl^WW *f Pd ^TTcT^Ti, If ^rfef g?T- 
mfo wfe, nrrnnn* srks §nrR:, gnfe^^nnirF^r 
infe *pettc:, sfe **ni? q^nHr^- stth. I h=^ i ?r£fe- 
h?*R5W83^t g?q <snfefift?re r srfeq s rare? : prp-T3T 
^WRf 3Tfeqig%SOTTf*i: l ifo ?«rRT: f^TSFRT: 

3P£TT WT WT^fe I afft «* I ^T f^ ?pf«TtnoTt ^S^TTST 
Hfcsw t% <rar qnnfrr *rfer, ward wi arfer ’ ?r 
qs grf*r<&4uq arfesr mferW sft'renret i wtrs waT 

^=4 fit ^T?«nT #lkfW ?T 3*?fe I 5f5T 35¥?fe nsrfa- 
swret i gi&r srrt n srm n 5r^q?^ I 

’M-^wi g ?nHFRf ?! yeg?)??r^ 5 srt infer &rm: i *m 
infer rEErem:, vn^ggn g: I w irnsgwr?:, <xm mfei 
festers ll ife -RreaFC: II 

mg fwrwTgiRFf'nc^ utmi-ysfa, nates msRf 
RSRirfefirfesfe, sr nnfer3[r=nEnww^TTffefefeg: ^ 
sktfir, rfrt^sft srsnrfn, kpRfcrRfereRTsr «°st 
kraTOrfenigq; ii 

f% gif—ffnwTM arft tstst: CT^isERTfinfe^nn 

mi*rr f^gsr 5trptWR5ne% sngrfejt npn^Kfefeat 
fewr fgT qjfergRqifetfen: qme®Kgmter 'STSWWWKM- 
4tsq^Rra ills ksi'M+r^+rqi nirfe nsfe^, srfepRf 
j^nas ^■SfllsnioHal ^hRi ^ng, i ^faRdR! ii 

feud's— 

manfrrcsnfcrT qva gsf a : qrg agsfeareri 
srfenrer^, aw s fererkR anWirenfrijn isstsstw- 


\6 




ara - <=(<£ enfr 'Tsnn'srrf^r ftrfgsraTfo *r»T«raV «r^?r- 

M*bMi{ji i 3r^r *5PT®rrj [ sr??t «fo4i<if ] f$r^ft 

TFE^fsrr ot, wm ift fSrsr^fftffpTRi: w n 

«rar srifsi resr ftg gigrrfsr fcr [snik] eft if ftw 
[ {srfkNft ] sfcftotfawfNr w i aww err^rrl'^— 
sirnft irnr^r*r:? PiRjaniei^t^ai*^-—irfirq?rw an^riJRtRrr- 
sraftg, ?ra *>7RgJSWwf^sr^ftrc f^rra - : i 4 % «rjf 
ifrisrfrr, ^*rmt siraroift sn^rnr^rat snf^r^^n^ a a s re r re : 
5ff!TRnrmiT«i% i arar cnf^r «T^r fargsienkef ? *fl m 1 ^tortt- 

3J5IF?rt STO^Ml «t|tfa<i+Tl »TRPn^T?T^ 

aasrww tfsrcmn «f3itnn«Rrw| i kr q^JT*:a*rra?rft§ 

i ftfwar^mNmq;—%!T 

% snawrsT: sr»ra*roft sr finrfi-emr: i ar f^i^TOn 
sronrer srsft i ... ^pngsffrjr; s^wi? srf^rsn! ? 
e nw tqft?^—^pr g ?? ftg T?T ngim? xfarm: i fftffar- 

q n mk anq,—f% jpnsrwi^cr: ungwifT sna: 

grqfoarq- ? enwr^t^^—?r ftsHnw a srffsft sft*r«reFat- 
ofhsvtr^, snft ftsrfkfkarT 3?rer?fti fsrffterqrmk- 
enqr—Ttn sm^ sr re ft m ^pmer, [ *rr f^r^qw ] i asrr 

^r ra t a reft er n >g Miq«ra sr ftraWfsiWsr, <nrr si i?gw a 

f ^gpi ar | •! SCaft ST I'K 1 '*!, SET 5TFcT I ?ft3JRT- 

^if?gV ST ?TiTC% ST l 5TTTTfsr: STITT fa^Rbfa^Rh- 

5 rRi 3 rsrsn^iT?TfrsT *r*rcf?r si qftfftstffar i jrftrsnjaisTft 

I ^ srrft: ^T: srsl%(wRr®T: I ST3Tft- 

ttansn gwT^ agar qf^rakfirfa’ i *n ■a - sfarar wnf 
sms, *n ■* «frwt Hftwfel *jt 'rf*- 

snsrrfar, tfirc ^»r*i3i«iiw tts^% i gra Era fasfe wi n fa- 
^ngopTR i *f*i fa ftalkfasnmfa^nww 

^(g\5ft^r^7>ftsrRr% ^tt« u ^ ^ r . 

aw %at qgpit f J3' 

^5^nm »r ^inl^Mrfwwnfti 

aq^i 35*3 wtsr; c n^ ^Bsnft^rws^ 11 


sawrcten am scant s n s nn ;» 

«wijj«arg ^pjfasaia; taarjtegataa.— fargsasat nar: 
fat ainar. ? tsataa:—a ®fogaama a faf waaaia 
ag?er §>j% awn aaf ^%a: i ang—®t nTargsa?r? 
smaT ? ang:—at atarert a aftfaalwla i ang—®a gwn- 
faaa: aa: ? ang: a a?aaia a atsjra i ang— %a *ja 
fatfar: \ ang:—a*aa ^ratafaa^i ang—aa srgws t 

ang:— a T fam a gw i a a f^angara i ang—asa 55 a 
anaan; ? ang:— : ^a a sntf aifan'g^a i ang—%a<sna> nagr- 
atfnr ? ang:—*t t«ng% a'tafsratfja i arn - —%afeVr- 
^saar: q ft f aqW- i Ea ? ang:—agT aar n af affia i: aflfaal- 
aafer i ang—^ aaarfa: arcatag, ? ang:—aig^rcanafrc- 
afiawa: i ang—^taT ^smaj sk^tt: 1 ang:—ana-afaai- 
ta a aa k rq; i ang—aftat awrrfaak: 1 ang:—awarcr- 
gaaswna. i ang—afcaftat asmfa: sraar 1 ang:—a an^n 
a araT a aanr I arrg—fa^ittaar acarfaf %at a ^: ? 
ang:—anngatsafairrga: i ang—a-ataf gsrrrfe arans 1 
ang:—a^x^ts^raaa: i ang—sriaasn ^mfagflroft- 
a^r: 1 ang:—^jngfafaaRfia: i ang—Riaifaa ang- 
«aar: ? eng:—aaTfaa^aaraafaftai: i gfa snawra: 
aftgaaa^at tirerat aiafaaiafaat aaat aalg aisrar fak- 
swtma^a kw ia%*alsraila fasanft, srfa^rasr arfang- 
anat faaart fwrnsS aaagf^q; i gfa II 


^ta’ gawnanar aamafafaanat faagsat wat 
a® a 1 anaaaaa^iat arcaarq;— 


aw as^at: wia aatea aaata safer gaa** 
g^eRaianf a srffer ^a: s T gaaalfi arfrrcftrfsaart i ar 
aifianai'Tt a aJFaaffafaat a aaala fafaat a gasgnr- 
aararaa^rfaa: I aa^a as^pfl: ararfisaWstfgaaa gaa- 
aarsj?t am a f lg i gt i a aftg i gt algafig ig: I 5a a 
sftgigt ai«naf a atgai ataaamta fera: u 




sEwrfrsn to sro srttto i 




aror aaro froina*rTatr|-aT to a?£a- 

*n*r:,?n&, atgrot gat^a^i a arfaatafi^apr- 
ig-a&aa : %fa 1 tro TOa^WagfaTOkfaTOfaiaf 
Wt*ih \fra to frrofer —to to* a grot aTOat a ^ftat 
a wft a 3?TO 1 from ifrTOTO^ I STOTO ^fr TOTOfc i 
fodFre n ^fr totot: i TOtror ffr to to? : i ^roftroT 
totot: i fttfraha r sfr to^ i a^a^wi 
totot: i # irorc: i % ?af aa r aag r TO^raf tot iroa- 
TOia; to toK Ms a fcr i iroaat^Ta; totoH a$aPa arca- 
tofitocto. 1 fr a< i w^ aaaT to? §a#ai a 
totot: towt faaT fa st fr TaaTrorat qft faarfcr I to- 
toto; a*ro. arorfa i ?fa II 


to? ■a anafa i r1^ — 

to s#a 

TOTO^ar afrfaat%i 
a <a frofa spfsn? to* 

atTOg TOgfa *i)wrw % ii 

a =a to^ tow Trf?a 
frfii; wn srfaafanaian*. \ 
qrerolta g q?afa to 

^rfa <ra£a srnfaa 5iant u 


froaa'ka qferagmi : 

Taafrora a55f*a aatefR i 


^ ?*nfta TOra$a u 
TO*a$a fa%f$4g ate: 

(a^of^g aras i 
TOft s r a^H 


a^a^ssaror tot: TOtfrrofaiasfTOr araia? 
5E^iaat TO#a ?fcn^ ^fafro^u 


$/& 





aims—’*ri^ «w to: a m ra tel^H frrfer mrnm- 
5?nB7, mr tEsmiaeiywm: tiwki arrmn ? ^si% i 
tfffcbrsr g^rq .11 

i * § TO^pnw^ ^wmamasmsfi i fr 
ctpt ^TgxRTr^ I % sr% tgraat- 


to icziL't ,rc ■ n 11 ts fcc i tfi i c l a 11: i kie £i lit! I 


3Rf ICTltfBfc— 

*mf$sfTO&tr SIWTf $am|g^t 

jp# ?am ydi<amj it 

[ 55terataHra-% ] 

Sgiftasafg- 

aenw sjtcej <r irenw a i 
5r«R& 5j|wr<«J4«n?r: felaH>K. u m it ifa n 

[ Ho ] 

daw a4-tf%at crater aaf*tj ^rofanmf?" 

d^q% , qgff aifaglg W^Tt H*5TO:, wwWMa 

ftawftre rTfc It 

gra%fawR.-4l<i'fl1^-^3'WfyT mm ?fa^kaa M * t| ul ^ 
pfow dd lyywa : ?gaqfe swtora ^smt, efef 
aawtfo Rit*s8?onw %famni% f% ma -swwifo i% to 
?rot^ afe i ww, v * 
syitaifarona j siafmreft naf a Rim mrpidaasjj $aaa 
^ WHIN wrtftwn^ ^ f^sa 
«r jraafegfagre n mm ?fa i aat ar4 4 t aaqb g^m 
mm *&’*&«*&>*«** mnfi fj 

ftsaa:- 3?35 to: ^***^11 

#, aar' scmrfattama 


5 R sp w<te n gw smg swvm i 




gsglt i gwiwtaWTg, s snnorgt 

wt wwsww aft wt i g wfer 1 f% gnwiqj scrfgspjr- 

Slfg fep^RI 337 <3%- 

yqg 3 Tfor, g?T fgwfissifggst %gg: 

WRF3 ^^<fa<fr «? <:3 K , WtffclKKV g F r^ fo ng g I 337 
=£3 ^^cwprrars, ggi 5T%sqsr 5nrMi(Sr gfcggTfg- 
331 *7331 «a?q %r33t 37 sf3Wfg-W3: 3W 

ggggfcsfggt 3 T F5?rf%ftfg gg^gg g’SBsggsgrfs: 11 


g?N %ggt gtfw ggg ; , w sgftg fgfrgg^tf 333 - 
g7S¥3% M3<Jig-g Weft gift 'TWt 3 5T«rt snw^jat *tm 
Trggftig ? gwft 1 fo^ggtlrg gigg staw WMfaaq gfc- 
q^n, gwfa m 1 f% gg sn^Wts^rf^fw ? %3gga5gfer 

gT grfe %fg 1 gwwf nwWt ^fftrig: | gg: fg^gg gg§g- 
|T FTRt,? 


g% gtwl wrf% g gshfer, %g ^%g573f iwr sH 
gtaig^fer? 3 ^ g g re i staggggfT bitaqpg gwgfpg, fg 
3 stag 33 3T sr%5t33tar;, gf 3^gtgrggF$w gtg 
sta gfag^g 1 gtg % ftogrgwft ?rctargf%gt fgrgfoi- 
*pm ?nf»mt gtgsggt, gtrigrt gT^Rwr^gr 3%%?^, 
5t3t g*wng gsTFigfgiw %g hn ggg%3T sn^srssr%gig 

g*raNrm fg-pg ftiwgwi«%: 1 g g fog i Rw t sggwr- 

FRiggwKtar gifgg srfgfi$3gf33d g filfoggl i sg gg- 
* 337 : l e u P KWtarefc gsrf^ggtrowT qfiaWfcg 1 ggr 
Etam g w g jw g qgrfgy? ggrec ^w vg flg^ , n*iawwi^f 

%*gt ^H^w%g ft si w3 ta%i4Rd ^tg 

a. >s. *k V n. n rv 'l A <k 


swift Fmt-sissg sgtewisfgfg, neK^n. 1 gwig- 
333 33 331, srgvwwTg;, tfafi^gsTfigsgggftft 1 gar* 
y g igggw i ft mm*we 4 wg awg w ig 3 ggsfgft 1 swig- 





SCT <m1i m 313 333 3P33 1 
3T3 ?TfefT% 33153 


3 mi, wsidk ^ssw wtenat i 
3323 #13 s$3 TOjnf hwrmhK 3 s##g 3 
TO?nr—ftfe«3P‘ aW 31533 |%3 snffofti 
ftfoat? 3§FS3atst% 53a%?33 |ii aw 3# 
WSl33‘ 33? 3FW f#T wf3353^ I fWptRH 333- 

3?3 JP#-m'firfefer, 33333T 53#fr3T SP13S3- 
3I3f WW^ef J$3p3k #, 332% I fars# WW- 
3333% W3f3fa#3T3. ?3OTr SfS^TRrk 3533, 
3# *3*r%PT 3 fat I art =3| 33%313Srt 

^«io3ld^nfetxjf33rorat fsrowOTwsrfw- 

333TH5nfc] 3T5ftt pj otW%!? 33T=twfc3- 

^sr twra^j,^. 

sat-snsfst «# fVfrfiaat i 
3w «tro»33 3^3 fmru 1 
retfcwq; , 3? ffaPT 3#3fir I 3T3 3^313*33 <%3 
tP3H, 3OT frit tra m t flpfc ! 3 3 Wfei 
wrpfsit i psnt 3w a&r ifaaw 18 <f ifaaro 3 

'%, 3 $ 3 1 fre3& T 3? 3 7 f f33 0|H, 33^33 

am 3t%:sp33 3T 
3Ipl|T?5n?333T 3p^I3T 3I^^3 
3313% «<J| 3 33t 3F33? 3 I? 3P3II 3}fr33Kf 

fe«af f¥3«ntf fa3i33fei33f PwuraKaf 

t^3^drafOT«n3Tt38IT<ipt 33J333? 3 3 tit¬ 
bit 3ife3#3i3fmTS3n3Tt33T^^ itfpp 


31? 333% 



#r 3ifer ?3tf%fa 

%3I% 3T 3Smf 
^^3,3fr®E3i5; 


jyfe * »wrt, 3?i 

™ q i«*°wrawfttfto* 3ee?rw s^crr I 

R^M^^TW^^ranR-fq h SEjai^q^n^-1 ^ =^q._ 

ssangfUFm. u s^ewi iisj^^cjtyunf i 

rhi n ^ n 

[ «tarafcnsra-t ? ] 

5T^ fERT TOFV&T 55SPraSFT%^ 3R?n *Tf?Rfer I 

5t«tt •sr ^8FErfg-— 

^T fefe4wR^ T WT ?refc I 
51 3*ffc 3R 8 g S3§ II ^fgr || 

[Ho 5TTo-q ^ ( ] 

fe flpfRuJft %r^, %|=nj; i 
®rar5ET6T 1% ww TO7?:%*rT*rTfoi isttjtt^ srfg- srqfir i ^s ^ 
f^T PW^ TFT mfe, ETsT SSJOTq;, f^tw* 

qR-c'S^i-H'^ ?rf?r i g ^ngqTBq^Triq 

snfer %% II 

aifq ^ I EfR grR ^af qr: 9 *j ■q- 

q^^^orTfer^Ron#Tt ?f*R: fsfqfsMiRifim i sr 
ftw cR qi^f cr^fq- Sf g^q;, SRrn?«rrrra5?isf 

BttW setters, awf^N^sbr ^ qgwm , 

IRVgqiTOTq. I C qq>Frt f| qq- Rfe^WI STTEETIErf STSTREf 

'fey.uiiRc'i^i sr 



Tj f% erft, gR HNqfir^fat q-- 
HTTOr qETRl*ErT, aiw g arsff^tqqfe#^ stt% 
ignsre ? qRoiR srrfa Rw I aasr *r w #r: n 
aw wTii-arsnRR* ^R«nr! sRFmrg. q>g: sr^rwrsng. 
spaforRftanfq I 53 R qw ft^iRo^^rc *Tfer i 

srRTfFr ^^^RHqETRon^ i q?r%Efhfi m&raqjRRnt ii 
stsnfqr ^n^wT ?Rk^, «.i^U f?Rv ffir 

g r Ci<foOoq^^fo^ o ng ^.sfq ^qorf^wRtsfe, 



sjcmmterc srcsr sr>^r \ ^ 

^fsToT[: 55T^wf?r% ^cibJUMfH^rs^Rrs^r^sf'T 
nftw r eft fe, i grgg^rm . ■ ^fjsro? R 7 sfl f t ^nf?- 

il<i<RK!?(«'HI^I- 
?5W 



?T^ ^ 
•^n^f:, ! 

Mirf^ni 


g fafeg^ i: 'KFrr: ^wtacfTnsg 
i srfq- ^r i g^iwiR- 



iro^H. i ^H%% ^ fr^i ^fxkfi^reg^ *rH%^- 

Mtfwljrnriw^iiti sr«hr f| s'nf^oqfirt&n fa^wsiiur 

3TCT7 ST TnTW%, arft ^ SSN^f^TT snPTT- 

sKMidUf ’rarfq ^rfe«irRoqfd(<H* fe^plsnof 

Hffel, 3?qoarfH^%or ^ cs^Oi (ritl^^l^) d^lfi ’ttg.laV 
%fer TOTO^SpiT ?R^S %s*n %fig m3ll«HJ^.r«i wl: I 
gjsp^f i arsw fc ^fffwwwr sr feg^r, 

rf^sr adrift- wfz ?ffflr: i sr ■g- 3 toi fNis h r u n ra i 
^sTjspft 5 !lN rcf *r«r*, fi» dl§. 3^?rr ^?t%^tt- 

«Twwfq st*rt # ^rrafq ^ff^n %sts^t%wi- 
■fetcWR^f wnt i ?T t^fsnsra^. it 

grer CTFrt— % sr s r q T q a g frfefcsrc 1 &r f| sre snnmw- 



g r ^n^ft 

srRprfff I ^ grteg *t%feh « o-a ci t?ricfgtnn^fij^ «Pr *rd’ 

srek*C %w 'ft^’nnj’ifitfiwi'i n^i[w 

*t 9 I sife^jt <>^q^i<: } ^tti aren^r ^sror- 

ijpl^unfq ^Rino-41^ | frefjg- 3 - tier | gj^j. tr^tTP?:, 5J3T 

s^STw^ors^R srefifir gw srmorswr ? 

apsraoTTriT^f f^n^'5*r^sr<jfifo>T 5g W% T ?s flf3»qilr, 
?rf??PTfwi)£t£ i h^- f^rraR^ffsr^f^: ^i^tetksw- 
8/tfn, 5T33r^r ^ H^cftfer a^f w?r g ^-gu r ra - 

srra^JTff%?fr (ff%: 9) irwars i 

snpmKRt 5TJn«rw<.^ i r% ^ vz: srf^rw g^wif^w 
ssfforc^r h ii 

3TST V^HTgWWSTgW ST^WT: STcWJrtnofqft^- 

I cTWpsr 'PR°T SiRR^R gc3T g*Hl g^ gcTR 

sR s wr fey rt, *&t sreww^f?ftf*rwRisR nz: 
^RuflTgJt ®c^T STSTST gR o-q*j(5^5 I W«fR«$ d^lO 
apcK: i g<a om fiforaft mS'’T s’ttjdsWjui- 


tEttiErEiEce^ifr^?&SJK-i>: 


ud^d’fd w 5^ wt^rj i *rj srsrgr gsra §-■? ig 
^Rt «TT*T ^fe^ftSSRTScT: ^TSf^T^RRJISn^ 

5E?n?i. I vrlsif^f^fepw sRrawfirfsr 


s % is^ST^t i srR ^r i st^sw^TW^rt 

*rfg ^fteiRo^fefcwt siwlfw g^r 3rsftvwf^> sRrar^r 
qfigg wrg, ST«%^f sR ^Re^iRo^ fq^uj Wl^lR'h'H R 
Hisfffir sftsi^pTh^Tfej sisrar^f g^^Riq: I wsffog— 

^vM |j^o 1 'ifId\%°T WT»g**Tf *T I 

^en R o ^ l d^% °r <r*n ^<t * fwsr& il gft u 

[ , aa5Rref-?Y , iv ] 



sR q t mlta t sw4 sraronTr i ^ 

^tew^row 3sr%Rfsifi?3?r i(qd^ 
i R[— 

5frT8J^ rteirW ^ I 

q fc gsr f^ n cgs ^R a ssriN sresrajesf ^di^km; i ® 
?ra%— 

*TT ^ Vil-S^gl ^ sg ^ «TP-f^ i 
sWl^dTdfa vTFT II 

q^r f^itor ?^fcr wgt *£? i 

[ *S«B*-tVt-* ] 

jR?rer:, gfgrragsrgRjrf^ft ^fter?iingqdasrTO 
sr^aETcg «r^% i fpw gpiggifere ^ 

sr td i aqiRui^idL ^^'c^ 5*raf^t l «r^j arssrgsj srfe ^r 
ffd' sre r e g q f g f sntf&Rs^rf^rc^; fa??r- 


. p it r_ F rrf tTi 


aw pnft—?ra7 sa^nvftrrwwft f^Rstim arrsriRw 
fciTRHT ^$Kfeq» T feq|d.W^ufe 
ssre^srt W5r% =^f%Rfrrf^, ^ ^rPr zxitm u# 
?r 3, ganfq arCTMifei ^itr f ^ r stw-m^uf 
sqqi^rni. sre r ^fa fo *rfspRfar I f| arerrarcoR 
sjrc^ft frflgWt *rra*: sfari &r#jt p*wi 

^ i*s v r>« »v r> N * ^>, r>* rv \ r\ ^ 


^qg j pgr frefr ^fod&g ? wr?lL 


y I'felsyS* W JM^NstWd 1^R5WTTf5«r«r iqaw^i^n^Ri 

qqfim i an^Nr g s?q^t 

q?p[ ^RTTfepr srfsr dl&fiq 

^^TTOCTFOTgroirei^ sq-q^ f t ^{^f^sRNRS 





ggs t.aTf ^fHkH^I 

gggar wwipW f^f^xrr / 

, * -vi- — *f ,' . 

qjgR: 5RIWT' ^"sfFnSFWRSa^l' 1 / %. , 

cragrM4 * srs^ Eiffel <n*w: u vMI r 

*• * * ’ 

cfif Rjsjyqrt ^ 

^nsrfera;, sr <re®r Igsrppfi i ^'Rwrat *mf 

<ff «iV4l<£'M«WPnK I WtWPH^t £hI*U ^FT^rT^frr- 
SRaPR, ^iW^WR^l' ^d^^CE^TI?5R*W 1 *f&H 
srfsr ggarfo gnwfirflgl ii ft i 3<& ’gRTO-spRit ir 
■41^) gda raoga wra i«rleropn, % ap^fp i fgp 

jfpprr *sar g srg*pg|fg, «ra iwwyrwfa-MW^t 
gtfe qsgg^t gpnfceq: qa^siteqt 
w g?rfefi:S u 8II 

arefraiih shr fs[ gpngt qpsjpg: grater i 

gpng— 

g f§ *g?ngt gRTgf sRtwrfg^ fgsn* i 

srfaimft 'rwntft *r Rreret u H u 



gr giangf qflgfn n gjWRKSj? 
pp? png, pmpwr ggngt i g *fgg; gng i 

gfg png., % ‘ gawfowf g pngi gsng grRsr 

grant srareiRg pp^r: i arfgggft r prgft grfe <n> 
im: i ggg wr 3?ngs, q^r srr:, «potr:, n - g fon%« 
gpii g ^dg TO^l^ ^RH i ^RtRRi u 

anRT *iwwl *5Rfong*sarefcrt qterRg sgntg srr- 

grfer pw r> :, 

dftitaW <gsf sr#tgR|gii£ t .fg^g wgRg H ^gtwic- 
®Bg\s q<cq»{. ^ g mUi i^gRffcjqarg/i • g?gi3« 

issjk mirt 

’RwAsiwmiV* g tot srr # ( ~ ‘ 





srapm ten *rra sm stc?wt \ 33 

araif—sreN arwsRs, sraroregf?; are^i vtt^t- 

fer marw r fo f g i totr!'— 

5R3WI 

®r?T fe*!T snf^ET, 7 T*T fo^TR^TT 3 T%^Fm fc'|p 5 f- 
to qjsj’ sr^tj ? snr ^ srfrar ?%, tor*— 

ftmWH T W Z&m It ^ H 

Jtfir il#i)fa'TO I ^STS^tSTOTC^ I 33 T f^Tm 
arffFT toj, s;*f Hoy-y iHifirfgr 'l «tstt ^ fwRsrffr- 

«rt ^n^TT tot §ff<r«KTi §# snflar 

ferratsfa ^gwf%«tq-Rrf*rfer w^wsifwraiPT- 

aran;—f% ^ ^ feww sramr ^rTRf^iVr 1 
^wirog^n^K srater srerara; fwRT^rt *rrar arpi^r, 
<mn-*«ig<KM r 5 RTOR ihRT^terpft fa$iMi<{kiftf« 1 

V3?<ra& ScTtRHlfdtf)*} SFfqin: f®t»® i 

tfT^vftcqWd l^t dMvUMdWI: It vs II 

Jtalw ft^rRgc'Tg^ ?fa arc*r ^ 
srrttop^t, Jig «nWi 3 .#HHrt *sw sfterat 
^grq^: *eri storw. ? wmwi H^ftupi: 1 n -um^- 
3 ?rf%:fa*Miwr taw 1 

aRira^—’j5?rtraT?n: vefct: f%^r?«r wctwtlM hkum<M 
srig»r?rar?%, 1 m.*&i KSRnJwrsreRrer tot 

<r?& sr?w?% *rf§r arer srswt snrfa 1 
top^w 11 vS 11 

% ^ 135 3^ =^<j<s4\ sRrar: sst 

aresr arrot ®n ? *nrsn ^ ^ 55^ i^rr?— 

^RTcft TO TO: g gt pftg fe tT \ 

^wrl^n?— 

3RR TOUT: ?P?tt TO53f H5H^T fo*T It C U 
3 



TOwinnift 

sra’rft q>af sr^: ??nfi ? 

ssrci&ft ^srq;— 

*rRr®rcrT %«nS&r 

«nfe ff JTrfircITW i 

[ ^EAmnsarc-vK^ J 
i wsftsfir feswwtqr sat-rsT?^ 

SR*T*Nj<*MI || 

I 4 _ 

^ sreraFff %-i4T<cmt?w reri+r«ffr ararciR^- 

S 5 1 ^ r «rerc ^ 5 ^^HTiTsrcJr«R^ jrfgqra^ II 

gr =rif--3|^£f sre^^m^mr:, ^nfq- sre^- sapfr- 
4^i5iTcMc J j ; ysri%%: i ?ra ^§jr?t- 

i sr ^TfoRTJriHFT sefufiM^it q gB a ngg^^fa 1 1 

i ^^n^gnc^raV ?rfr crw srcerof wt^i — 

*T ?T5TTH5T *RT I 

W f^cl^d 1 CTfEI % |J % ff 

?ra fira"3'q» 3cM Id'S: i ?rf% fteicqT *r*rf 33?<n9^it 

tpw&g. i * g fefera, ^?*r<g*raw*r ^prmiNiii i 
wsi w fewRc^ng. i aiwFr, #^1^^ t wz- 
^rarffir, w wig, ywiwifafi?a<{te<tf w i 

3rt <pr wroiMfef, |grepfts«rat snfe i <reniRr 
?igTfi <3E3 i 5Ri»i«iiIk*y5l ^gsR^ra" ^rf% *r 3 ®^ H ^ " 


fcje 1e i PiictiKit: iglci t tllE 


3??nr^5T >^w w i 

sra w i are r^ ^cf sjistp^ gg: 11 ?o 11 

^ ^ngwRg rafr * 5 ^ ? ^nrraTg 1 ftra- 

Slyrerer^itereF l «r*rr^ *mi%h, 

^ipB j spsf <g- f^HTTSTPlf STT nR'ti^d ari^TffRRf 37J 

«n®Tw5 w»«i«i»M^y 1 *nrw fit s?rt^sr* 
^ fogrffET ffr ijaw 

^ ich’^ t srisng Rwh 



rt ft fa 4;, ewi 







3^ 5sqrT^?rRni| ^ || 

wm*i fh:zwwftvrt fr ?rar m: t 

BcitelTfWT ^cftc^cP^>?qa^ || ?^ || 

*r f?r 3153 %, sraw ^fqqiterfir^fq-q f g ^ & q- 
^T^pr f ? JRrt^g^TvR^ wirRmrl- g e *a g 
■ydR+i fofir qjRORln oJrqf^?^, spere^ Rifa' qn4 ' gfr f ? 
?rw Mifw 55^Ji4tsfq n^prfe% u w ii 


arwic— tFwnK&n 1 
sfer i i qsif^fiasrffa^r 

srereraf ^cPTl% 1 w 

eran 5rf?RT3^TTC— 


*?TCWfi 


t; jjtW l 


fT ST 5Tc3W*Sfftcr Hc<E55*T I 

sj&srw: zxi erscr x&tm ??ct ii ?3 ii 


<rar 53*^3 

^rgqrs¥«WR5^rac, ^wrgf^T^ 
ggfiHterfir ?n% re:, 
t33*?r 3 h4^t 33o®?r <a?qftrH0^ra[ i 
5*3f3rr: ^nn^r ?f% li ^ ll 

3T«tmsrpT crawr.* srcstfwr: sratff* i 


s^% ret sirfer, 



Sc^firaw: 3?n?t— 

3nre*wwftsf«r qj?*?T<w ii ?* ii 

arre^rfirsnferwfaftl awa^ wtsB ^korri^r: 

re ifa sn% *635^1%: ll ?»II 

araif-—arff anwR^ W ■q »M*ni, 3RT ^f% 

s*3f^q; qawfer ^reft fe wrau HTferg 53rfgrfi^ 

? g=E3J%~* 


<p5y <? SR*l*R*f 5T5*W!WIW4WT: I 

qf55^*riiwft «Ri?srywH*T ii ? H i* 


9 



STPWrc’taETT 'TP? SPPT SHT^TO I 


srwr^sft sr^n ar^TJm wsrssrsRspwr ^rafj i ^pgjpft 
1|q?fcg^ 1w gs wrefogT : ?g: I 
ir % 3f?TTT?n ?r 5Esrvrrw%^T: i ^Rffs^nr- 

?reqis qai^, srapf SFspra srfc c qf a 1 


TCJ «HR ^T ? : ^Koi^gs \ 

[ «j'»rara*afa ] 

^tfitvt srenwr 

^ ^f*rq% I apR?r^qpqf <rf| aRg-— 

*nsiMWU ^*T I 
rifera?* 

TPgqRft SP?T TCt TTlfer, TT?T ipf ^^ARTt ^TTfi: ? 
arai ^;—stt ajf'Eaq;, s)^iu^rv(w^^ i%?r^ i frarr t 
Ef^t%—* 1 % arer?t , s^ it^wrr sr^a^, anrfsisbEitsfq 
^BRTRnfwi^^ I *T Ml'Hfii q>& *4d^i«il^ TPjjqkWRI 
MrM'MHt SRSPRqf g®H, 3pp HwStTWKsftRr I I *PTT?5® 

srfr5r«r*Twe«wi cc^^p i*rfg , f|'E% 
ftft^ i <r?*T f^pfsnof hwIR— 

»E 55 TOrai 5 sr?qtorTsr?wrT: yer: it ^ u 


'KCIti'EKKCI^-ICfctllKn ttvIKHtvCl 


^rf^r *r f| 

3p?rfr% sit « 

tt f^rfa 

qftfrsng q*tg ^qfa ii 
srer^r % snnf^wrRr 

^ti^sprif 'Kq^ar; epsp^l 
3PTO| q^ f% ■jw'lw t R 
»W t§ %RfiP !l 


wjtrt 





fil guK %cfr: j 

sf^iOia 'ra^Tssruf^y 

^ar^r% srrf spcrra^ii 
sra»nfeF mi 3j^q?rr 
^ Brf^r%'p 4 ^ c ?r?T t 
sft * ft ^PRig 

^r srjfg- ftrifo ^%rf ir^rrf?, 

m\— 

sft^ft srrtfft «tt ^mfr 

=sr^ sr fqr gfteffg- «pb i 
ftrg jgray srcftrf? 

^ fSj^i n*i (l 

*rer ?nTTf ?r ft^rRr 

i k**W 9 %«ri% @s«n f 
.HWfrit !T ft ^T%«f>^T 

jtw ^ 

5JF5F »reft gsftraT §*iik 
5 ?t =? nfw STStfift ^Tf% I 
33 ^ wtfrot nftgxBt 

vgm>m . » gft ftgro ii «i? 



?rar g*r# » win. ii 


— « Q&i *~ 



( Containing the original of ch. XXV 
of the translation ) 

annf— 

tjfe spifas ?nfaa * ssrtr: \ 

<V 'O 

s^!«nst pRtsnsr u ? u 

W^k g t nn g^ i tra«B<i^w r i 

g3?i«wt fsf^rcf 

<alqfa r d«f fa^ fafo r ? I <r=r ^fagrcpnRq*--* 

si^Tong: ^rtafojm fa g fafa^-Kr i ^ srsfrfas- 
feraRwJUp ^fa e^rfsr; I aUc+wsriHfalirau 

M9am?w««^i i (siwitf 5 % fta, 5 M: 

^rfsRr?.*, ^ gqRrsi^ir g# ?fa f% arj 

fagr^ 1 gg %q«r ?r^R£sq-[f|q : 3?ra€5C' 

qJtsggRiwfa 1 ^ 

*Mfkm ?ra § fagH mfe, gflr- 

Vifa^W | fejRR yq(fc|^l<i\5(t*(PnKl ®5=n 1 fa^dl- 

5iT^noresr irwriswift fagRraig^fa 1 g^r ^ srfai^f 
's-o«i 9 —• 

ar^R fartfa ^issn 
^«»il fa fa ^ os < f I 

ftsanoraFTOTOi fa u 

5 PIT— [ STPr-C^ ] 

W& S fag qjfaff g?!ira«PrRni^l 
JRffafag fagK fa-tfo g SKg^W : II ffa II 

£ shPTPlT-VS ] 

gRsf fawfalW fagW **«*ugl f^iw^ l ^g^r 
fafasf fasrjnf ?pf srsqt gfa ^iwl w«rwf 



fhr f%Rrg^ mft <%f%%- 

^®7^<T37 sp-j qr ^?«r7:, stef f^^nf 

WlRtq ? snsnfiSTcr 'W TTTSTHt II \ II 

3rsfrsS& f?5 trqr^fq- — 

ira^RTffl? ?nfer * sinr: 1 

st|twi fnfTsngr fi refafamS 11 3 ti 


ssra#* f| oaMfewwi gsterraf ^smrt ^ ^^nsr^sr- 
•nferRtfeit Rr^Rr:, aRrerfsrftsn ftrafa ??nf?Rr ? awift 
wimit^f &r fif^ui^qq^ 1 g ^ ^Rnwif^n &>**- 
fir aRwffo f sF^srRprRrasror stt ffr^°rfirsi?Rar «ra^iw 
gfa: i*n{5; Rr 1 sra; sfgqra^ u^w 11 ^ 

srfc ^r§ s ^ T cfi snfq»r; q&srrat rei^rrat src fgiRtsasof 
f%gan3T gfit; — 



?r% hst si5k% <Rif%*n?,, giR sn^ stw^tbs^, 
snwjfcssref wrfq g RR*rn^*^i. age. swig- 

qt sfi^gffggpTf ^ ^'^srratq^wcrajof Rrafaggaij ag. 
•pragferfsRsrfg^ fgwrsi g^STwraT qF&^rwt a gppn- 
Rnrinr tiH 1 ? ^gt’gr m, fodEng; 

tj^T! sp5q»rr: h^o^, fliqsiilw ft^torRprra^ 

3P5 ^ng^qrerft i*NtR «r ^rRsr 't- 5 $riJ, *r ^ijq 

^ 1 % 1 b^i% 1 nwam srt?:,' greffrRg*! t y| ^ 

‘ finmw ErtV sjk^s 5^ *$i*t t dt^iPwgrariwfTNOR 
??n^qT q»<r 4 fiT i —, 

, =g «n sptfirs #Rs *i*K u rcff ^ t 

■ ■ '* " J Ho OIo-qK-^®’J 



fiqfcrrdg n sreRnm i s? 

«r rem *nfa ^tf^Rt^r ?f?r 

^ikq; i ffRi'rrq; i ^ 

^t^ctt— 

w'n sr arfnr W 
^ ^ sreft ?r ^ ^tti sr%r l 
3R#r% sn^fff r ^qrsTT^en- 

ftsr ^'crr st 5 ^r ?rtii#i 

f HRfemsmsr-^ n% ] 


3 TRTT srrpmT 3 T^?T«f:-f^f fft f^'Tfsr^ 
vnrWi ^fROTSTf^RseEroTTHt t^rerRf 31 sr4«n ar«pn*Tief- 
mfe, w •* ^^Tf^frwfiRraq: l % ?rf^ %& 

t sni arfer, jt ir «r*n: ^ir%' 4 yanfa«fflt>n! 

^rtfsfer, ^r^grer 4 ^ sRwftsft arrefosft 
*tn^g^ Wg' U nri i aft *r?rrc: wssti\ anan- 

sr%*rra^ tfafaPT>nTf*Rr ere r^ i ra^ s i ^r i 

sn 5 — 


3 ?Rf% ?TOftfa ^ <WTsn«RrT- 

a ?rpafa1 \ 



IWRRRTq; I Hraft% •ST ^TJTRR 
fagiaiq; 1 aa^TT a - sraiaRTnerefenat f^fHfaag’aRftssn- 
^rtI aifeNiRaf ^•^tRti^i(«*ii«^j «iiRa _ 

aiRai^, ’TOT ;: ^ < Tfy^ 5C RR5RrR^Tt^fef^Tf^!TTt^, ^aafeRT- 
fen?Tf%a 7 ^a =TOf a j^MsT STPaaffa I aai- 


aa s?rfl!ta fsnrair sna^-fa 
at arifo *st2 jf§ srrfag 1 
aigSaaat — 

-srcfa seno srcjat u \ 




W ^fOHWHSlTCt 


^ ^rf^Urw^or sr^rof snft wfa fasfar ^ j 
332* ^RHr^HiHwr^r t 

!T t 5nr*rratsfir fsrafar ^ to«rt i 
TOanmsmwfegrait frRforg^^ n 
5% in it 

*t § ^rsT^Rti^nr^f ferW^wfawirian! sTFrpTMrrg- 
wngprwr fstafrr qft$5qar%, err^ sfer ^z&- 


STrefcTRvT fasfH wT<T«KU[? 55 f^j | 

snRwqcrrftfT ff fr srcnw j%frr 11 v it 


g^arrnt ga p r re ^-sg ^pw- 



snr: tr*r 


VTT^pi TST®f;, TrlsrsTfaq; | ff ar 1 

SEF^SKt f5*?t I *jg^ afteRTT . _ . 

sjart fwrrt fsrcta> fsnrfafiropjq;, ?r w mwi vwt ?tfw- 
I 5T*n- 


ssitcr^r fSr^of f^wi^aw $erer; 1 


1 Jr ^ sref taff r fsprf%srhr 1 ^ssjct i ip^r 

ftsrsr i^sOTj-pn: &r: g^najsr: ?fer 1 f% crf| ^^armt sgrafts- 
%rirofer sm sr% *nr%, *r z*m%w ^fir 1 

snrtaysr ggR 'g m^n 1 emfa sd*»P 5 t srf?r ^rsrt f%srts?t *?¥- 
snfa- %f^ggrf g%ii 

q^f *nt Ist ®)1 ipsara?fsnfiit sfHrjarf 1 *TT^€ai«i*^ 

f ^W r ^ 1 f%s£R°iK? sTW/^ci^CTSsjof sra^r, wr 
srasR^anmosrfWrfcsrRi 1 foar j i+l £ i aro t^ih. , 
i a rmRu ra g roM ifesiHaq., scuUwwu II 

iji^ sr =^ s>rm*Kuww u io j jt*i'i ifiaf ®>iw *nat 

^ sr f%^fa 1 ait f| ; 3 r?JPRorT^r: > ^ to *W *r 

^TOrT., 5 T<I+K u K^^T^. h s II 


f% ^nrofir > 

vnapF*T TffS PwW fWW «*#«' I 
sn^fsit f% nws **** ,WI 







T% ^T^- 

ww fggfarrflTr qfe | 

H lf TT g Ft % 5 * 5 T U U 

gf? grawn^ fggfa wt?i., g<n 
snfer g^g., g ars'TT^w i f% *2 ^m&qi^'tgq 
% gq. i gre3<n?ig smT^s, ggjg gig:, ^ fjgn 

grtf g awg g gqrgTqg ggfg, g atgqiqw » 
ggfggfrr g%^ grgrgigwu ^ %3^gg, 

%cT?l I! ^ H 

^tggicft gross? frofaggg grog \ 
arcfe^a gr frofg groTgrol *sr u \$ \\ 

grot % S^MTOWig^sfycirovq, 5f?®cP l aWTqtstq 
t gpf ] sretar snjgTOfik 5 TT f g re q g<iTO*RUMgH M g’W- » 
ggfg: fgqfar roT^, ggr g arewq; [f% 3] 

g^^grTg 1 g?*ng g g's^gfg^, «ww grorgigro^'r 

fggfar gsg^ || ^ H 

srorfq : pngrgg %_ IsraW groigig^qq;, f% gft 
Igg^ gwiflWTlgfg 1 ^ggfq g l §g: ? g^tng.- 

gt^grat grossr fagfg ggg gsgg \ 

groTgrogtefa TOqtffogprft^g IggH gife ?rgg 
sfr,gg5, 

g^rwt grog fgstf 0? ggg \ • 

g^igrofiroro? u W ll 

5^igt ggrgg grot ^qrorot iggfagrot, ggr 
srfgqigwti;- 


Mvw& M grot fagtgfgfa qrosroi \ 
ggit #g vnt g m gfa farofau ?K » 







shtr; arf^rar w\ srsrsfe, ^fenjurr- 

i s^nrarfasr sspr -&@m- 
fsR^r ^r sssjon^ i srer: TOTO^fergf sffnsssrorsrtqft ^ft 
®apf n^rafopr erffeugr *rfir®r%? fwn^n^^'rrfrq- 
srn^ i srt* ?fR swresr ferkq;, g^q awgq r gK feaW 
^tt^t gg^, am re^iil&n m^i ^r tvz- 
h ^RniftsfeT nfcssfnrrcr fW ?& II 
nR gft «r»TTEr: 3 T 3 «rKT«r infer, fe fe i %wr 
^Fwn^n^frsnm nfe^rfer ? %ferg^ ^®ns^fts«wr 
1 ff i'fa;- 

mq^r ^qferfewiqft n*r fe«rfe i 
*n*rer srtj ii xfe i 

[ no nto-?HA ] 

gnmr ^m an wlffiw i ^qr^snt- 
a ri -j gig f $r?i^fr : ^ nwrPTi: «?sr ^r 1 

gnun^g q^irr 11 ffe, 

[ n^raarcsn-q.W, to.vK? ] 


ggtTfir yreq^ raftfrgffra q;, n srm^r^mT, m*RnT- 
ferine 1 n^ngsr *Rr sra^naJ^mo nsrw 
a^: gq<g » r^, «ran«fer nrsrcnmTiqcir nr *m%fe 1 iw; 
a^qgvsrnwfqnr^r wwwranwnm 7 awiij. «r 
nvwngsitaTrar $fe aerarfera^r n swrqtsfer 

^ftsgqr^w ffe 11 <■ H 

*rrat fenT°f * nwfr, f wwte fr > 
ftqfaftfir 1 11? fe wiliiw^wS*- 


u ansrasrahnsr ^rraw srt^ sit 1 

» * 11 

rawa *nftm: 

™™»iSiswsiu (ft»»uia oOw’int 



fefatRten •rafotfonf i wt 


gfo n fg s n t i ^«n ’^r^rg'n^Fr srsrrat, ?r% 37 sreftra srraer 
^f?r pat^ , *ra*rre?r amter 

an eHgqrere 3T areif?rFri?rakri^ s ^ r gn^ i tr^ 
srsraforrra wratswrat qfwftqg qi^a fj?r i ?r 
«TRt Ararat £rakm II 

TOT i ^rf HH.KI: *fsrcr?rtf?r tot:, ikr sorter sraiFr?r 
gCTKgf i%*iRBgr, sErtssraten sra&rrat f^rafafirfir i 
^rf g g^ieJs ^rcrck, &*tferer Pm iPMe'ta iq rasrej jr^qr- 
TPraifara ?r f wfnr sraeft, w <Frkr3'i- 

^hkw srsr^nrR: ufercn«(ta3'(TfFnsr?ra*nrrat SraW- 
firfa o3rcfff??rl l n ^ wFFTCMt g^rjisrertn anrffoffra^ 
Fwts^TKt ?r srt qftwi%n 1 ^Fratek n jRTsft *rn=rnrt 
fire l or fafa g«Rfr 11 % u 

f% , 5n^Ki- 


sr^ntf ^is^bstrit war favra^r sr i 

cRFFH W> WTFTt ffrafqMr fsq& It ? o 1 | 


era qjt st^nra fg.* 5 RT 3 f -riMf 

fkvrk* qr, arqferFf [g ? ] eraqrfirfer i 3 *r?f Trcraiajf 
^Bon f§r«t ?boti ^ i st kakrafaf wttot, 

f% a rag Ter s q^ i ererf? Prakr wr Fn^n^:<f^T, 
?rafq srcTffstf i * s^rawn I 

wnsr *Frt snmrat PraWfaRr gaqt i 


^rrak 


rf fazrm rak ^ 



^kirpra^rfirfir Prafcf qk- 


vi^irat ?iFR 5 r ffrafamw *i% i 

qn^resr Fter^ra f *pr?t it ?? u 

*rk*nwpmfawr krakf Fn^,erTr«rraar snn^ 
*TterskFn<T.i erera - ^: tf^w«iwi 5 ®Rsn« ere* ! * f^w, 
sr «ra *ftafi wm. i * * ^rt ** sk gs*$ i arer 
iraTirera* * gs^ ^fst ii \% ii 



sptnuiq) ^ 

srm, g^T srforafa tf?$g »%, ft^r. 
^It^!. i ^ araftpr:, HI^ *w, gw grcfc- 

wwRiRj ojrfg^jp^sfw i£- 


% fa?i% *rre: i 

gr^wfsr^j- ^ g>r& %3KP% wt l s gs dRw efo i srw 
smrrfljr^ ^r«r: ui(n 


% Riwifi— 

«TR 5 * ufe fsrafonr^Rnr crwt i 
ftcrfor vn«jwiii Rfeis wr> % fas?* it \ it 


«rfg- w^i ft^rof srrar: ^n?i, gp igpt viku, ssgrrcor- 
WffHUrrf^r i r f Srcforfipaift , f% 

gft 3 Tg q i $w i g^rf? *rnrt fe^luwigm^w, gjj. wt fagfa 
ynq. 1 &r a T fflKK gnq;, f^rpnff^ i sirfgibg- 

*sl*£W> fir f%er?t 5 % ii $ II 

wsnc-arlg- *n*rM|5Tf?raforq;, ^ar>Ragkjr«wra[, 
gft «r*ngr ftqWr, wwrfalg ? i 

Hg^MT^q;, qWR- 


irfe RKt gr fH'4«ra«(Fr: f% VTfwfe \ 
f?refar JTsr wt *t srmrsRci^ u » w 


gfg' RTcft IJrafaf firafof ww ?f?r ggr 

f%w^t ^fg^rtr ? awwfrsfa *r g fcwretereh 1 
*h 3 N* 4 H’k-n ' rei firafafafgr <** ^ ^rs^iRkferaT 
srferasr ^ * 

^r?r, ar fire& r **n?U * 3 «Rs»t, 

11 on 


f% ^i^m.- 

q ipm^rai IspifBW^MWW ' I 

fostfw r ^Rtsfta *ite$rotw n *> " 



faqft PTCteTI qgftwlddW ST5FTcr*T l «V9 

wfw f| WTW> WTW WWT g3rf?ft£g &T *nwt 

fwwujifoglwi mrgT, wfw gfsrefgrw: ^ng, wwt e re r fi ft & r 
fgwrof gqrg.1 gsr w grwTvrrwitw g w:, gwr 
g?srfl$wtsfw grgftfg i g*mgw grw*t gwnnwi fg gfmfqfe 
wt ^?qtn, gift sft'nsrg ww i ?fw g g^gg. it V\ II 
f% wvwg— 

gw giw> fgwH gfe fwsR* i 
gWWTWt $W WET f% %g actvrMft II u 
wig wgfagtui gwr*nwgrf gw gTW5 c rg?crifj %g 

wt ? f% ww IgwH *pfer^wfww: wfgqxnfe, mt grfgr ? wfw 
arfer, ww gfe I'ftsf'T 3WRJTT ■png. i g %2^> fggwiwrg- 
TEwrg^s feRW Tgiwr g i srw wife, %gg%wfww fg wkm*fl- 
fg qRfeg g % ? g<miwRwen qRR^grftfg %g, wfw ggrci- 
wRwer: MRRggfc r, g r% fwtrftg wRfgggfw, gg ^g ? 
wfw fwi^fg qRmaret, g?g g®i^ i f% w r o t h ; ? wgn%- 
Rrrrra^gg fwtrTggj g w Rrwfolr f^fgRrfgggfe, swrt 
ggiwftin^Ta^g^ i mfgrfq g i f% mom ? *rcgnr 
in^g if ^jfwwrawftg gfwgswg, gg arg^re-^qit^fg, ww 
^grfwggpRwg^g gwRnwt gw wiwt igwWfgfg jjtifr, 
gwsrq^iwtg^RWTf; trig^fw i www %gfwflrwtar 3wT*nw> 
gw wTw^Ewswt i ^mnggwmwgiggwnng a^wggftfw 
g gswt il W ii 

gw'wr wwi w fww^ waragsn w?qgT g ggwRw, ww 
^wWwggiwfw wwrg% wwi: w?qgT gw ggw^Rr srfgg- 
WWWTf- 

wr fgrtwT^gwTg gwgftww g^ i 
g vTWcwgg %fg gfaw %fg g^ n *vs u 

ww if 'j^tj;- 

wg wTfW l atg ^gjgfHg wwigg: i 
gvi*0fa wt wvqwq; g fg^wEw firavq ' fru il 

[ g* ] 



■ it ersrmet fr ^ %% M I 

^a?JFrw^Tg*T!TfiR«rfq- frtsiit i ^**mrra#r 
ftrfe sfteRl- n 11 H 

=e tR Srdsrmgft: sraT^^m^F^s^, arfa =?- 

f 4 f 4 t 

fegm^sfq- ^TTrafPT urSffafo- tT§^ I 

%f?rjfhw %fefft|rBrii \c n 
«Rn?n«f ^ =^fef e*n. ssrpraT^re? stfemta^ nfrsn 
3TcT ire— 


?f fcwfaw 

?Rmf%B5Tfq' m7 


sfasfer fer^tawnr i 
jfcrefer M^»n| u i\ n 

nrae, irrctet- 
[, are ee snrKftefa^s im- 
i mor2rk§5WR^nr i e^mte- 


*et snfer fa ' eH4aui^$e<^M m i sre^?- 

5 ^ eewr- aRTTOJit fl fir^ft ^TfsrdmrrowwR ?%, 
arer '^rh'T^q;, II V< u 

esrrft— 

foefurcsr tt m *&fe: ^ i 

?r cnfterr n u 

e <e tfsrrcFr ^q^rfe^???n 

5T tfeefe, er ar^ar:— 

*rc fJrdsnspfsrrat: sni^crrar^ fW: i ’ 
ffRfomR^fcr % ^frcT *ar wifaaT: u 'H? u 

?rr srfr are ee 'etoreHit, . rRrrcie^i^) 

as it fircNife^elwdSFfcr ^eeft ss^r: mU.-*a 4(-^ l 
e^^de ew. 'rf **m.> 

*reft«e «r*nrir-=ee«rnre: ^ 

sri^n; u 



fotfoiqftaT q safa sft fag*} aaaro i 


snaraT srfir *sa: i aaaT—spawn; ate:, g ra f ter, 
srawfamsawter, twi:awn wfpttwtw. ate; 5% 1 1*31^- 
wwfr g g w teqyrer awrftar srgaT: 1 wa s na ret atear wt 

STSTPT 33 ?! IWag 3 W*£ aaTWte aia f^T=T a^FR; STTOFtT- 

*na*af snr1 igraaFmgarcg *?ww; ararawn; ate fit 
snat 1 qsasr arefsra-swwwT wftqat 1 gwsrfttta twpa- 
wra; araai*nlt f t srftqrat 1 5Tiwf ate:, ar?nra?rt ate:, 
gna ga r renfwag r, §w snaat awTsnaat ate:, f&wrarerert 
sew: »£=[W aa i few snrtft 1 m anaraV ataar wt anrr- 
w?wg ^rrswtt ate fft srfteqt, srqiwrasnaa fit 
wferoat, q?wte arqftfjg- 5n^5Ren5n?TOffft srftiat, aw 
#cr ^iTwt wTsnawsrft w i trat gwter- 
arftar 1 wtswt ssa: aw 3®**% ? wft aarfwwiiwar 
wrtsFi; arniwr atw, «w aTwraTwasqaig ajteT agw: 1 
wwt<j aatetqteqtete^: sriterite:, <ttf— 

5 T?W^ aWWaW favRWte fan«d«^ I 

WFF?T WFHWa* fc*T U U 

te ?£w ftwmK* grewa fercrarewa a 1 

SRlRSTcf 3 TRWW a f% WT afo wamd : II 33 II 

wg&naterft ejswi®aw?gfir «ra% *nw*wat aw 
g®n% 1 w^j aiwaremiwircter wftnariwwww: war fgi- 
w?rra arfafwfw?rt, wanwwftftt?t fawfatpcarfat <fwtw 
fwr%, afaifteg w gasig ftwiwwcftft fwiwj* H ^ H 

arwif—wft wt tot ftwraafi' srititew., wg a w ww 

_ __r. tN f» r>_r>_*v__ 

wwwwt snanqTCsarWTifwgwwaw twirfdnWTOaaaasrw- 
WTfiwtwaitw wfmon«Ha*ww f 5 rwagwasfar«iww#=rfw- 
Sgwwatw wfte-srftqaig^qt waf t%at atew fwateifww- 
aiww;, a - wt aft sw«r qw arrwt 1 a=EW?t—wfw afsrgaf 
ww wnwaw: ana, %fww a^wwaar waaratetasg:, 
aiats^tffi^T aawiaia «iwwa anw, anfatati 
awig— 









<r*r<n *r dnwKtfcsfer 
f£p=sf =sr qta ff rfg li I 

irgg asmddHi^fcW f^cfot ^l ^ld^l 

famw w& w w t anrro §*?)• sr^wijfi: ***0^ ft**; 
qi^nfef^ ^faWfd ? flt+ulw^wftf *ll*dild % 5 *c. I 


'swrzm— 

arferW f% fSrafa 
aurai^q ^fft 


a k « ftfc r %%?r*3C 1 

it i 


?m—?T^rf tfsnrarafi&wft % f^i°f w 

<raq?% 15 R^?r 1 fadlurfitfa w^*r: srrj 5 Rf%fe- 

^wi^q^t^d^d^Ui^d Pn Ti 1 gfg^ ¥rrm.^3WF^ 
v ra%q ^ ' 5 Ts 5 ^ g if W ^g \ SnfddI 1 ^uf«rH 5 r: 
*j*p??cr aspsT raavu^yy sjiciwihj i araP^ittPifaj spt^ 
§ ffrafa ?rpf^r dw % q rf frwftd>K gf t $re n foRt 
i ^ ^VtiMiv. sp’sfk sri^rar*. ^grf^Mterre 

^t Enfaf wt infir ^ri^ipfsr 3iiwfir-°a (g' ?nf*Rr- 
^rslnfd firerc it 


l^n^^^rtfgrr#ra%^n jrararc^mt nsama^rr 
fM1uw<tan stw , ?w^r?rfdci4 M 5? tmq jt 






' INDEX OF SANSKRIT & PffLf WORDS' 


AmSumaya 27fi 
Aikaya 105 
Akimcana 825 
Akusala 15, 66 
Akrtaka (Asamskrata) 66 
Acala 279 
Ajfinka 280 
Agu 153 

Atipatita Loka Marygdg 213 
Atiprasaoga 138 

Atindriygrtha 251 
Atyanta Abhgva 303 
Atyantabhinna 209 
Atyantgnutpgdatva 165 
Adosa 269 

Advaita 69, 103,132, 253,317 
Advaita Brahma 26,36 
Advaya 69 

Advaya Nisprapafica 69 
Advaya Laksana 55 
Adhikarana Ssdhana 10, 284 
Adhipati 263, 266, 272, 273 
Adhipati Pratyaya 255, 265, 
272, 273 

Adhyavasgya 206 
Adhyavasita 213 
AdhyStma Vidyg 91 
AdhySropya 322 
Adhvan 68, 171 
Ananta Dravygh 13 
Ananta Viiejana-Sambhava 
133 


Anatikramya 25? 

Anstman 226 
Anapeksa 253. 

Anapekjah SvAbhfivah 75 
Anabhivyakta 150 
Anabhivyakta-Rapa Anutpat- 
ti 150 ' 

Anabhilgpya 238 

Anavagata 129 
Anavasthg 139 

Anstma 12,68, 201,203, 316 
Angtman'226, 231 
Angropita 222 
AnSrya 240 
AnS>rava 91, 186 
Angsrava Dbarmah 91, 284 
Anitya 286, 395 
Anityata 280 
Anirvacanlya 78, 253 
Anirvacanlya Vada 204 
Amrvgcya 311 
Aniicaya 206 , 

Anugamyate 247 
Anutpatti 150 
Anutpanna 204 
A&utpanngb Sarvk Dharmah 
204 

Anutpgda 71, 314 
Anupapanna 234 
Anupalabdhi 301 
Anupgkhya Prapafica 238 
Anupgdgya 300, 302, 306 
Anupgdgya ( Sat) w Paramgr- 
tbasat 309 



2 


Anubhava 210 
Amnnsna 141,159 
Anumfina Nirakrta 159 
Anumana Bedha 145 
Anurodha 229 
Anuloma 183 
Anusakta 91 
Anaikantika 175 
Antadvaya-Rahita’tva ijg, 
- 123 
Anna 185 
Anapeksah 75, 234 
Anya-Vyavrtti’ 288 
AnySyto’ nyto 286 
Anyayatah 237 <■ 
Anyonya-Abhava 302 
Anvaya-JnSna 28 
Apatrapa 185 
Apara 182 
Aproksa 74, 244, 251 
Aparoksa-Brahma 244 
Aparokja-Vartin 74 
Apavarga 98 
Apeks4'206 
Apekjya 71 
Apoha 238, 239 
Apratisiddha 205 
Apratjjthita-NirvSna 285, 3l7 
Apratltya 74, 305 
Apratltya-Samutpanna 69 
Apratyaya Svabhsva 276 
ApravartamSna 305, 306 
Apravrtti 304, 324 
Aprahst,avya 307 
AprSpta 129 
Abiava 62, 80, 82, 307 


Abhidharma 22, 52, 89, 125, 
254 

Abhidheya-Bahutatvst 328 
Abhinivi&te 322 
AbhijSa 30 
Abhmivijfca 294 
A bhipra varta te-AbhimuLha- 
mpravartate 278 
Abbiznata 133 
Abbisamaya'78, 138 
Abbisamaya^PrajdS Pftrami- 
te329 
Abbflta 164 
Amrtyupada 98 
Amuna Nyflyena 235 
Ayatnena 299 

Arspa-Dhatu II, 16, 17, 120 
Arapino (Dharmah) 13 
Artha 19, 74 
Artha-Kema-Dharma 19 
Artha-Knyakara 234 
Arthakriyakantva 170 
Artba-jBanyorbhedah 63 
Arthapadani (Catvari) 91 
Artha-VBkya 155 
Arthapatti 154 
Alinga 45 
Avadharana 233 
Avmyiyate 91 
AvasthaySm 148 
Avacya 805 
AvicSrita Siddha 63 
Avigaraatah 322 
Avynapti 292 
Avidy8 20I, 283 
Avidya T^rne 94 
Avidyamana Svarupa 314 



AviparttSrtha '73 
Avyakta 45 
Avyabhicarita 295 
Avyakrta VastQni 321 
Agdnyam 71 
Agflnya 286, 288 
Aianyavat 288 
Aisnyata- Vadin 166 
Agubha-BhgvanS 208 
Asamskrta 25, 69, 90, 283 
Asamskrtam —Na Krtam 309 
Asamskrta dharma 56 
Asangatartha 180 
Asat, Nirasat 45 
Asat-Kalpa 249 
Astkgryavada 168 
Asamanupagyan 220 
Asambaddha 241 
Asarvajfio Vakta 326 
Asadharanakarapa *255, 265, 
272 

Asiddha 68, 175 
Asiddha Svatah 173 
AsiddhSrthata 171 
AsthSn Yogena 325 
Asti-Vadin 213 
Asthita 97 
Asvabhava 276 
Asvabhava Siddha 276 
Asvayammaya 276 
Agama 250 
Acara 237 
Acgrya 106 

Ajavanyavlbhsva 80, 305 
Atma 12, 50, 68 
Atman 226, 305, 312 
Atma-PrajSapti 283 


Atma-Bhfiva 237,* 248 
Atma-labha 308 
Atma-vada 35 
Atma-sneha 283 
Atma svabhava<231 
Adi-Santa 57 

Adhipateya=Adhipati-Pra- 
tyaya 255 

Adhygtmika ( Ayatana ) 160, 
167, 169 

Adhyatmikabhsvah 170 
Ananda 134 

Ayatana 12, 90, 201,<231 
Arambha 277 
Arambhaka 302 
Aropita 73 

Aropita Vyavabsrah 73 
Arya 5, 14, 27, 19, 132, 190, 
196, 207 

Arya-pudgala 91, 132 
Arya-satya 92 
Aryasya saiyani 27 
Alambaaa 228, 265 
Aryanam 90, 134 
Arya Asanga 52 
Alambanaka 269 
Alambana-pratyaya 267 
Alambana-buddhy-upajana- 
nah 228 

Alamben utpadyante 267 
Alaya 53 

Alaya-VijnSna 49, 51, 52, 107 
Avasthika 183 

Avasthik-pratitya-samutpgda 

183 

Airayasya 250 
Agraya-asiddba 159 
Airitya 299, 305 , 



'4 


israva 94,' 196 > 

Iccha 239 

Iti 55, 90 

Iti Ananta Dravya 13 

Itthamvicfira 231 

Itya 127 

Idazn 316 

Idanta 78 

Idampratyayaffi 78 

IdampratyatB-mStram 202 

Idamsatva-abhinfveSa 191 

Idsnltn 306 

Indriya 92, 104, 173 

Indriya-Ksana 250 

Iva 314 

Iba 294, 324 

Iivara 157, 317 

Iivara-pranidhana 24 

Ukta 94 

Ukto 71 

Uccheda 157 

Uccheda>v3da 46, 83 

Uccyate 91, 224 

Uta 75, 262 

Utkarfa 14 

Utpatti 160 

Utpatti-nihsvabhfivatS 54 
Utpattih Svatah=Satkaryam - 
139 

Utpadyate HO, 267 
Utpanna 65 /' 

Utpfida 140, 277 ~ 

UtpSdah 257, 277 
Utpadat purvam satvam 256 
Udghfityati 234 
Upajata Buddhih 228 
Upadisyate 71 
Upanayan 148- - 


Upatti 10, 247 < • 
Upapatti-dhyfina l'O 
Upapatty-antar 237 
Upapadyatema 312 
Upapadyi 280 
tJpapanna 233 
Upapgduka 18 
Upalaksana 319 
Upalaksyate 156 
Upa&zna 288 
Upadatr 230 

Upadana 201, 269, 270, 302 
Up danam 305 
Upadsna-bhtlta S02 
Upfidana-skandha Taddhetu- 
sca Duhkfaamaktam 94 
Upfidfina skandh =* Sfisrava 
Dharnjfih 283 

Upfidfiya 297, 300, 302, 303 
Upsdaya Abbfivah 300 
Upfidfiya pravartamfinah 306 
Upadaya prjflapti 119 
Upfidfiya «= Praf Itya >= Sfipelsi- 
ka=Sunya 309 

Upadaya pravarfate=PratTya 
pravartate 305 

Upadaya = ( pratitya ■*• sapek- 
sika = Sapratiyogitfika) 309 
Rddhill,30 
Eva 90, 171, 288 
Ekapuru^a 197 
Eka VyflSnotpatti 126 
Ekfigrata 10 
EtSm 91 

Katham Yujyante 320 
Karma 22, 23, 93, 191, 201, 
265, 272, 290, 304 - 



5 


Karma-karaka 104, 260 
Karnja->i5dhana 10, 78, 132 
KaipanS. 204, 206, 224, 247, 
289, SU, 321 

KaIpanS=YojanS 31!, 326 
KaipanS =Namajati yojanS 206 
KalpanS-podha 28, 214, 240, 
247 

Kalpyate 312 
KavallkSra gbsra 22 
ICascit Svabhava 320 
Kartr vina 2fi0 
KSthlnySdi 229, 232 
Kama 19 

Kama-dbstu 11, 16, 20, 120 


Kie£ajanmnor abhSvah 29 9 
Kleiajanmanor ICjayah48 
KleSa-taskara 284 
KnyS 259 

Ksana=Savalaksana=Param5.r- 
tha-sat 164 

Ksana 57, 68, 214, 222 
Kjaya mStram 295 
Ksanti=ruci 27 
Kvacit 237 
KhSratva 173 
KhySti 62 
Gatavya 211 
Gati 281 
Gotra 326 


KSraka 226 
Kama 150 
Kfiranam 143 
Karane 143 
KSrana hetu 68, 303 
Karye 143 

Karyam =avirbhavah 142 

KSrya-kSrana bhava 257 

Kfirya-ksrana rapa 184 

Ksrya KSrin 295 

KalSnanugata 214 , 

Kimapekjam 258 

KumSra 327 

Kuiala 14 

Krtanta 139 

Klijta 15 

Klista Sgsrava 15 

Kleia 15, 208, 286, 287, 290 

Klefa=avidyS-tr<ine 286, 287 

KleSa-karma-janmSdi 291,295 

Kle^a-kalpanS 288 

Kle^agana 283 


Graha 289 
Grahanak 146 
Grahya-grahak-j ahita 54 
G 0 dhfibhisandhih 234 
Grahanakavskyam 146 
Grahanak Vakyasya 146 
Grahya Visaya=ParmSrIha- 
sat 213 
Caksuh 169 
Caksuradi 160 
CaksnrSyatana 160 
Caksur VijnSna 250 , 

Cspi 71 

Citta 76, 225, 266 
Citta=manas«Vijn5na 5, 51, 
160, 225 
Cittaekagrats 10 
Citta-dharmafa 54, 78 
Citta-dhara 220 
Cittam saxnanupaiyana 220 
Citta mahsbhumika 10,13 
Cttta VijnSna 225 



Citta-samprayufcta Samskara 
225 

Citta svalakjana 221 
Ce tah=Vfj‘nina=S ka nd h a 285 
Cetana 304 
Caitanya 174 

Caitasa<=Ca5tta= citta-sampra- 
yuktassaihskSra 225 
Caitta 75, 267 
Cheda 148 
CodanS 150 

Jada 98 
Jani-kriyB 259 
Janma 290 
JathSgata Kayo 75 
Jad 125 

jaana 31, 45, 91, 43, 49, 63, 
141, 203, 210 
Jfianam 326 
Jnana-sambhara 325 
Jfi&nasya 226 
Jflana«Savikalpaia*jn2no» 
Arthavi^esa-paricchitti 226 
JflanakSya 286 
JflBnena 313, 314 
JnBnena na prSpyate 213’ 
JyotirvidyS siddha 215 
Tat 35,40,55, 37, 90, 95, 153 
Tatkftlikl gatih 215 
Tatsabhaga-asvakarmakrt 172 

Tattva 38, 41, 56, 124, 153, 
154 

Tattvam 202 
Tattvam Eva 233 
Tattvaadhigama 237 
Tattvatah 191 


Tattva-dar^n 201 
Tattva-vid 243 
Tattvavid apek^ayS 243 
Tad 71 

Tad anurodhena 229 
Tad cva updrjsyate 229 
Tad Viparyaya 153 
Tathagata 316 
Tatha ca 148 
Tathagata Garbha 76 
Tathagata fasana pratipanna 
282 

TathagatSnam 184 
Tathata 32 47,52, 53, 61, 68, 
69, 87, 107, 204, 317 
Tathat£=Dharma Kaya 271 
Tathal5=DharmatS 54 
Tathata»SSnyata 221 
Tad dharma=Paksa dhara- 
xna 139 

Tad Vigam Avigamatah 322 

Tarkajvala 120 

Tatkaiikl gatih 215 

Tasya 146 

Tarkika 166,120 

Titparyatlkg 94, U6 

Tiraikira 249 

Tlrthika 221 

Tul48 

TisdI 201 

Te;ana ayam dojah 287 
Traidhttuka 90 
Trailokya Vyavrtta 214 
Tnmiika 78 
Darfana 134,254 
Divya cakguYi 18 
Divya irotra 18 



7 


Dlrgba hrasva vat 214 
Dubkha 16, 17, 20, 27,55,57, 
56, 91, 92, 94, 181, 201, 
202, 121, 34, 35 
Duhkha=Samsara 210 
Duhkha=PancopSd5na skan- 
dha 104, 293 
Duhkha Vedana92 
Duhkha Satya 94 
Duhkha saraudaya 90 
Driyata 295 

Dr;tayah=Avyakrta vastnni 
318, 320 
Drsti 26 
Distavyo 75 

Drsti marga 16, 18, 26, 29, 
37, 90, 132, 137, 207 
Drsti heya 15 
Desanugata 214 
Desanam 323 
Dehoccheda 46 
Dosa 264 

Dosa prasanga 298 
DvaidhJkarana 47, 137, 206, 
224 

Dharma 8, 9, 12, 13, 16, 18, 
24, 28, 29, 31, 33, 34, 
36, 39, 41, 42, 44, 45, 
46, 47, 48, 49, 50, 55, 
56, 72, 75, 81, 83, 84, 
85, 88, 90, 91, 95, 98, 
113, 119, 130, 168, 184, 

185, 201, 203, 213, 267, 

268, 270, 280, 283, 285, 

296, 295, 305, 306, 323, 

324, 326, 328, 329 

Dharma (Karya-KSrana-rapa) 


Dharma SvabhSva-dharanSd 
dhartn&h 75 

DharmJnudharma ( Pratipat- 
tiyukta ) 282, 324 
Dharma-kfiya 41, 48, 50, 54, 
67, 68, 72, 78, 79, 85, 100, 
119, 123, 124, 244, 253, 
280, 286,317, 324, 326 
Dharma-kaya «= DharraatS = 
Tathats 280 
Dharma-jnsna 27 
Dharmata 67, 74, 78, 157, 
253 

Dharmtah 74 
Dharmata=Anatma 132 
Dharmata -Dharma-kgya 67 
Dharmanam 69, 78, 184 
Dharma-dhatu 54, 78 
Dharma-nairatmya 90 
Dharma Pravicaya 94 
Dharma-praviveka 94 
Dharma-samketa = Anatma — 
Pud gala - nairatmya = 12 
ayatanas 203 

Dharma-Samskrta Dharam “ 
Samskgra 

Dharma-laksana 44, 285, 308 
Dharma-svabhBva 44, 46, 66, 
285, 308 
DharmBh 75 
Dhatu 22, 92, 104, 326 
Dharanad 75 
Dhyftna 10, 11, 17, 29 
Dhvani 228 
Na 142, 148 
Na Kfiryatmkam 142 
Na yujyat&=Noppadyate 315 
Na pasyanti Tathagatam 316 



8 


Nandi riga saliagata trsna 295 
Nntlia (Dhanna-kSya) 281 
Nanya nananya 54 
Nsmarcpa (~Panc-skandha) 
201 

Nfisayati 23G 
Nasti 143, 180 
Nastika 292 
Nasti-vfidm 293 
Nihsrcyasa 89 
Nihsvabhava 72, 75, 316 
Nihsvabh6va=‘;nnya 273 
Nih-svabhavata 253 
Niim tta 324 

Nimitta-udgrahnam 313, 314 
Nimitta-ksrana 272 
Nimitta-grShin 313 
Nimitta lambana 313 
Niyama 278 

Nrya tarod lia<=Nirodha=Nir- 
vana 295 

Nirantara-utpada 171 
N iravasesa-prapa nca- upa ja¬ 
ma 71 

Niravikalpak 238 
Nir&karana 237 
Nnakrta 159 
Niruddha 57, 270 
Nmidbyate 186 
Nirupa-patiika 129 
Nirupa-pattika Pakja 145 
Nirupad5na=Asamskrta=Pa- 
ramjrthasat 312 
Nirupadhj-seia 199, 284 
Nirupeksa 206 

Nirodha 27, 40, 90, 282, 285, 
295, 315, 318 
Nirodha-satya 41 


Nirodhatmaka Padirtha 294 
Nirmsna-kfiya 94 
Nirvatarka 266 
Nivartyate 168 
Ni va rtya-nirvarlakatva 168 
Nirvana 24, 25, 27, 31, 72, 
75, 76, 79, 80,90,97, 107, 
154, 253, 313 
Nirvana-dhgtu 199,290 

Nirvikalpaka 51 
Nirvikalpakam Jnanam 51 
Nirvartaygmi 237 
Nivrta-avyfikrta 18 
Nxvrtti 290 
Nivesayi 281 
Nijcaya 206, 207 
Ni^caya = adhyavasSya =KaI- 
pan&=vikalpa 213 
Niicita rnpam VSkyamnp- 
patti=PraniSnam 207 
Nijprapanca 69, 71, 72, 238, 
253, 288, 316 
Nnyanda phala 13, 27 2 
Nilfidi -vijnjna 246 
Nopapadyate 295, 312, 319 
Nohyata=Na Kalpyate 315 
Naiva Yujyante 322 
Nyiya 134,155 
PaLja 237 ' 1 

Pakja-dosa 159 
Paksa-dharma 139 
Paksa-pSta 325 
, Pacjknya 25B, 262 
Pad 125 

Padgrtha 294 ^ i 

PadSrtba « Artha = Dharma 
320 



9 


Parata utpatlih 179,180 
Paratantra 54, 172, 206, 253, 
293 

Paratva 258 
Para paksah 279 
Paratnatam aintya 63 
Paraniartha 207, 239, 253 
Paramarthatah 166, 168, 169, 
171 

ParamSrthasat 170, 213, 222, 
238 

Paramartha-Satya 212 
ParamSrtha NihsvabhSvatg 54 
Paraspara Vibhaga 224 
Paraspara Apek;a 235, 253, 
300 

Paraspara-parihara 238 
Prasparapek§a-siddha 252 
Prasmin abhavad eva 178 
ParSrthanumana 246 
Parikalpa 206 
Parikalpans 219 
Parikalpyante 155 
Pankalpita 54 
Paiikalpita Svabhava 293 
Paricodang 203 
Pariccheda 238 
Pancchidyate 206 
PannSma 53 

Parmama-duhkhats 27 

PandJpayata=parito Dlpayata 
131 

Parinirvisyati 195 
Parinivrtta=parito Niruddha 
329 

Parmispanna 64, 293 
Parinispannats 78 


PariSudhya 75 
Pagyanti 73 
PfjSna nirvigesah 97 
Paramita 133 
Punya-sambhara 325 
Pudgala 12, 68, 81, 230, 234, 
282, 305, 306 
Pudgala-nairatmya 68, 90, 

187 

Pudgala-Nairgmtya=Anatman 

203 

Pudgala-vada 50 
Pudgala-vadin, 35 
Punarbhavfirtham 201 
Puruskgra-phala 272 
P&rva 104, 324, 326 
Purvapara koti 104 
Prthag Jngna 19 
Prthag-jnanatva 19 
Prthm 217 
Pnthivyadi 229, 231 
Prakarana 105 
Prakrti 45, 157 
Frakrti Prabhasvara 75 
Prakrti-ggnta 319 
Prajflapti 72, 82, 230 
Prajflapti = Kalpana 304 
Prajaaptisgt 39, 67, 82 230 
Prajnapyate 299, 303 
PrajnS 14, 16, 94, 324 
Prajna amalg 14 
Praj'nS-pgramitg 70, 75, 78, 
182, 133 

PrajnS-Pradlpa 105 
Prati 124, 127, 128 
Prati Kartr 229 
Pratigha 18 



10 


Pratipaksa 206 
PratipatU 312 
Ptatipgdanartham 211 
Pratiyogina 302 
Praliloma 183 
Pralivaktr 228 
Prativijnapti 313 
Pratisamkb yfl-nirodha 94 
Pratisnntana iarlra-k-. na 13 
Pratltya 71, 124, 126, 127, 
128, 302, 303, 305 
Pratitya-Prfipya 128, 129 
PratItya«=Up(Sd£ya => Praliyo- 
gin 309 

Pratltya-jfnnya 158 
Pratityaja 202 

Pratltya-samutpannatva 132, 
304 

Pramya-&mutpanna!iVd=iun- 

yata 273 

Pratltya-samutpada 13, 54, 
69, 70, 71, 76, 119, 123, 
125, 127, 128, 130, 183, 
203, 211, 253, 254, 277, 
279, 303, 304, 310 
Pratltya-samutpada mati am 
202 ,, 

Pratltya-samutpada ittnya 76 
Pratltya-samutpSda (r-Sunya- 
tfl=Aatadvayarahitatva) 123 
Pratyaksa 79, 214, 228, 249, 
251 

Pratyaksam 74, 244 
Pratyaksatva 250 * 

Pratyaya 71, 254, 265 
Pratyaya Niyama 277 
Pratyayan pratltya 263 


Pratyayayatl 259 
Pratyavatl krtya 261 
Pratyayal vikgrah 276 
Pratyaya samutpada 254 
Pratyavokwna jngna 317 
Pratyatma-vedya 29 
Pratyayan 71 f 
Prathama-dhyangdi 19 
Pradhana 53, 288 
Prapanca 71, 253, 324 
Prapanca-Vak 79, 134, 207, 
314, 324 

Prapancayanti 74, 316 
Pra bandha -Ksana-san t&na 
124 

Pramana vimscaya vgda 203 

Pramgna-samucchaya-vrtti 

250 

Pramanena vmiscita 28 
Prameya 92 
Prabhavah 257 
Prayoga Marga 26 
Prayoga Vakya 156 
Prayojanam 71 
Pravittita 239 
Pravrttgm 152 
Prasama 328 
Prasanga 137, 153, 154 
Prasangatg 157 
Prasanga-vakya 138 
Prasajyate 260 
Prasajya pratisedha 137 
PrasamkhySna 94 
Prasannapada 108 
Prasiddha 217 
Prasrabdhi 18,23 
Prabana 282, 283 
Prahwa 14 



11 


jPrskarsika 183 
Pr-adurbhavah 71 
Prapti 128 

Prapya-vijaya (=4dhyavasita) 
213 

Phala 329 

Bahuvrlhi 279 
Badha 157 

Buddha ( =nharma-kaya= 
Snnyata) 133 
Buddhi 96 
Bodhi 317 

Bodhi-citta-utpada 133 
Bodhisattva 285 
Brahma 36, 85 
Brahma-nirvana 6 
Bhavana 257 

Bhava 45, 75, 171, 257, 294, 
295, 307 

Bhava tah=Svabhivatah 328 
Bhavana 294 
Bhavana heya 15 
Bhevam upadaya 299 
Bhava-yathatmya 171 
Bhava-sadbhava-kalpanSvan- 
tah 292 

Bhava-santati 72 
Bhava-svarQpam adfaySropya 
322 

Bhavya 106 

Bhavya viveka 106, 120 
Bhavesu Kalpana 301 
Bhata =Mah abhuta 173 
Bhuta koti 75 
Bhat-tathata 78 
Bhutam 164 
Bhautika 173 


Bhautikani (indriyam) 172 

Matinayana = Prajna-caksuh 
186 

MadhyamS pratipad 119 
MahakaiuBS 122 
Mahana 143 
A'Ishabhsta 243 
A4ahl=PithvI 173 

Ma bhuta phalam*=Asatphalm= 

Asat-karyam 2 77 
MSnasa 246 

Marga 27, 31, 90, 94, 329 
Alarga-satya 91 
Muktaye 97 
Mala 103 

AlOla-kanka 105, 155 
Mok«a 46, 89 
Moksa-NjrvSna 97 

Yat 71 
Yad 75 

Yath&dr$$«n(=Dr;tam) 253 
Yathavasthita 134 
Yathadimuktah 326 
Yatha sambhavam 163 
Yad yad utpannam 233 
Yantrakara 192 
Yuktiviruddha 258 
Yukti;as$ika 130 
Yoga 10, 13, 17, 24, 329 
Yoga samadhi 329 
Yogacarya 25, 52, 78, 106, 
172, 293, 329 
Yogi 24 

Yogi abhimata-sarvajna 133 
Yogi pratyakja 133, 207 
YojanS 224 



12 


Yoniiah prayuJcta 2 21 

RagSdi 285 
Rasi=Avayavm 67 
Rapa 64, 71, 76, 87,150, 173, 
304 

Sad-bhutapadartha-lesa 164 
Ssdayatana 201 
Sanidassana 203 
Santana 12, 14, 295, 
Sannikarsa 212 
Sabba 90 
Sabbam 90 
Sabba-vaggo 90 
Sapratighatva 243 
Sabhaga (= sva-karmakrt) 172 
Sabbsga-hetu 265 
Samanantara-pratyaya 53, 265 
Sanyni 304 
Samjananti 326 
Satnavgya 229 
Samaveta 209 

Samavgyjkarana 143, 270, 302 
Samyag-jngna 251 
SamSjriS 283, 284, 313 
SamSdhi 10, 11, 13, 17, 30, 
94, 424 

Samapatti 17, 19, 29 
Samana 198 
Samapatti dhyfina 10 
Samasrita 318 
Samut 125 

Sanmtpatti=pratltya samut- 

pSda 279 

Samutpfida 125, 127, 128 

Samutpannam 71 

Samudaya 27 


Samudaya-satya (=Heya~he- 
tuh) 94 

SammOrcchfta 203 
SampralcS sana = samyak-pra- 
kasana 123 

Samaprayukta beta 265 
Sambandha 121 
Sambandhy-antara 206 
Sambbava-vibbava 104 
Sambhara 29 
SambbSra-marga 26 
SambbGyakari 10 
Sambhuyakarinah 504 
Sarva 90 

Sarva-n>mit(3n9m 328 
Sarva-Skarg-jnatg 133 
Sarva inptasaminpta 328 
Sarva-kalpana k*aya 294 
Sarvajnat9 133 

Sarvajnatg ( =Sarva-akara- 
jnats — Sunyata-jnSna = 
Prajfig-PrajHfi-Paramati) 314 
SarvajfEa-vida 133 
Sarvajnonavakta 326 
Sarvatra-hetu 15 
Sarvato-vyavrtta 214 
Sarvatha-abhava 226 
Sarva-darmSh 75, 199, 226 
Sarva-dharmSh f=sarva sam- 
skgrah) 279 

Sarva-nimitta-anupalambha 

325 

Sarva-prapanca 288 
Sarva-prapanca-atlta 313, 314 
Sarvam 90 

Sarvamjfleyam yam 90 
SarvamvjjHapti-matrakam 55 
Sarva-vSdinah 291 



IS 


Rnpa=svarnpa 149, 314, 318 
Rfipa=Ayatana 92, 173, 240 
Rflpa dhatu 16, 120 
Rupa-skandha 92, 173 283 

Laksana 173, 232 
Laksana-nihsvabhgvgta 54 
Laksya 229, 231 251 
Laksana-pravrtti 300 
Loka-maryadg 213 
Lokavrddha 237 
LokscSra 237 
Lokatlta-stava 223 
Lok6 251 
Laukika 252 
Laukika vyavasths 253 
Laukikam Darianam 254 

Vastu 32, 40, 67, 75,285,306 
Vgsang 101, 324, 326 
Vikalpa 71, 206 
Vikalpaka 247 
Vikalpena anugamyate 246 
Vikalpa (Dvaidhlkarana) 326 
Vjgrahvan abhavah 62 
Vigraha-vyavartanl 103, 105 
Vicara 234 

Vicaryamgna 232, 278 
Vijfiaptx 292 
Vijaapti-mstrata 78 
Vijnana 15, 22, 64, 141, 201, 
203, 216, 217, 245, 260, 
283, 284, 304, 313 
Vijfisna (=citta=manas =artha) 
225, 226 

VljHsna-janik 258 
VijnSna-jani-krTyg 259 
VijHSaa-skandha 51, 313 
VijBgna-svalaksana 218 


Vij&ana-vSda 50 
Vljflgnadi=skandh5h 296 
VijnSnSdlnam 71 
VljSgnena 313 
Vljaasi 71 
Vidyate 142 
Vidyamgnatva 143 
VidyamSna-svabhSva 295 
Vidusam 165 
Viniicaya 204 
Viparygsa 104, 164, 237 
Vipaiyana, 220 
Vipaka 53 
VipSka-hetu 265 
Vlpsfi 250 

Viprayukta-samskgra (=rtipa- 
citta-vipra-yukta-salfiskara) 
293 

Vlbhava 307 

Vimukti-jfigna-dariana 194 
Vimokia 45, 296 
VirSga 295 
Virudhyate 186 
Vivakjayt 153 

Vivaksgm-anuvidhXyante 153 
Vivaksita 209 
Vivarana 146 
Vividha-giaya 326 
Vividha-dhatu 326 
Vivgdalj 143 
ViiSesa samjna 119 
Visejana-abhidbSna 229 
Visesana-visesya-bhava 227 
Visaya 245 
Vlrana 261, 277 
VedanS 201, 217, 283, 304 
Vedang>skandha 92 
Vedang-samajfia-samskgra 64 



14 


Vaidharmya-drstanta 148- 
Vaiyavadgnika (Dharma) 
324, 325 

Vyakti (=Arthspattl) 139 
Vyatireka 297 
Vyavaccheda 238 
Vyavacchidyate 206 
Vyavastha 158, 

Vyavahfira 281 

Vyavahsra-satya.63 

Vyasta-vicSra.152, 

Vygpgra 258 

Sakti-rnpgpanna 149 
Santa 57 
Santa=nivrtta 
Sabdam}81 

Ssstra 97, 103, 119, 122 
Sgstrena 71 
Sa^vata 158, 

Sasvabhfiva-vfida 202 
Sasvabbav-vadinl 53 
Saivat-v4da 83 
Savikalpakam-jfianam 51 
Slla-sak&Ia-kalpa 97 
Silglvaya-SiStra 97 
Suddha 251 
Suddha-kalpang 213 
Suddba-advaJta 
guddha-artha 213, 247 
Suddham-pratyakjam= Nirvi- 
kalpakam 213 

Sanya 70, 71, 194, 212, 252, 
282, 286, 316, 321,, 327 
Sfinyats 70,76, 78,80, 83, 87, 
90,, 103, 107, 119, 122, 
123, 130,, i32, 134, 174, 
190,207,211,213,253,325 


Sunyatfitp 71, 
Sfinyatj-glambana 314 
SanytS-mhsvabhfivatah 53 
^tlnyata (=dharma-nairgtroy a) 

Sanyats (=pratltya-samutpft- 
dah) 

Sanyatasaptati 103, 105 
Sanyatia (=antadvaya-rabitat- 
va=-advaita) 132 
Snnyavada 49 
S&nyatg-vadin 166, 287 
Sils-iakal-kalpa 97 
Samvgdaka 213 
Samvrttah 132, 165 
Saxnvrti 132, 212, 233,235, 
237, 253, 239 
Samvfti-satya 237, 252 
Samvrti-^anyalS 314 
Sgmkle^ika 324 
Sgmsklejika-dharma 325 
Samsarga 104 

Samsfira 31, 80, 90, 190, 253; 

291, 293, 318 
Samsgra-avasthayam 291 
Samsgrgvasthltah ( — Prthag- 
janS-arygica ) 313 
Samsannah ( «Prthagjang- 
gryalca), 

Samskgra 14, 67, 125, 134, 

18 3, 184, 185, 201, 284, 
285, 304, 306, 308 
Samskgra=karman 
Samskgra-duhkhatg 27 
Samskara-samCha 1215, 68 
Sajnskgra-skandha 283, 304 
Samskrta 69, 80, ,309 
Samskrta=ki taka 309 



15 


Samskrta=trilaksana 104 
Samskrtaapratltya-samut- 
panna 

Samskrta-dharma, 56, 125 
Samskrta-dbarma (samskryate 
etad) 10 

Sanukrtatva 304 
Samskrta-lakjana-svabhvga 241 
Sakalena 71 
Sat 143 

Samjria-skandha-51 
Satkaya-drs^i >35, 284 
Satkgrya 139, 143, 168 
Satkaryavgda 142 
Sattfi 248 

Satvat=vidyamgnatvst 174 
Satya 90, 92, 285 
Satyam-junyatSySm 206 
Sahabhti 265 
Ssmkle&ka 324 
Samklesika Dharma 324 
Samvrtta 63, 202 
Ssdhakatama p. 272 
Ssdhya (pakja) p. 139 
Sgdhya-sama 175, 210 
Sgmagrt 104 
Sgpeksatg pravrttari 228 
Sglatnbana 267, 268 
S&vakgga 153 
Sajvata 288, 320, 322 
Sgsrava 15 
SgMava-dharxaah 92 
Sidhyg 232 
Siddhi 207, 224, 232 
Sugata 281 
Sutra 36 

Skandha 16, 49, 91, 104, 231, 
283, 316, 285, 286 ' 


, Skandhak (samskit dharmah= 
Samskgrah) 

Skandha^lyatana-dh&tavah 
’ (angtman) 68 
Sfcandha-parikjg 233 
Skandha-matraka ( =AnSsra- 
va-dharmah) 284 
Skandhgdivat 288 
Sthita 280 
Sthiti 280 

Sthito’pi (asthitan na viSjya- 
te) 97 

Sparta 201, 313 
Sprastavya-gyatana 243 
Smrty-upasthgna 221 
Srota-gpatti-phala 26 
Srota-apanna 132 
Sva-upagama-virodha 140 
Svatah 140 

(Na) Svatah=Nakaranatmkam 

142 

(Na) Svatah°na-kgryatmakam 
142 

Svat-titpattih 157 
Svat-utpattih=Satkrgyani 139 
Svatantra 107 
Svgtantrika 107 
Svatantra-anumgna 175 
Svarapatah=tattvatah 275 
SvarSpavastha- 96 
Svarfipgvasthayam 96 
Svabhava 72, 75, 76, 104, 157 
Svabhgvah 75, 172, 178, 234, 
257, 316 

Svabhgva-abhsva (—S unyatg) 
273 

Svabhgva-kgya 72, 286 



16 


Svabli&vtah 191, 274,279 ,285, Sva-vikalpa-abhyudaya 327 
288 Sva-sarlra 231 


Svabhfivato-vidyamgna 289 
Svabh&va-pary.lyn (e Atman) 
Svabhgva-rfipa 323 
SvabhBva-v&din 287 
Svabhfiva-Sabda-pratyaya 231 
Svabhfiva-ranyut 325 
Svabh&va-sttnya 67, 70, 171 • 
Svabhgva siddha 276 
Svsbhavikl-siddhl 253 
Svabhfivona 71 
Svabhavcna-vyavasthita 287 
Svamatcna 133 
Svaydthya 254 
SvardptaU 274 
Svalnkjana 75, 204, 206, 213 
214, 222, 232, 234, 235, 
238, 247, 288 


TIBETAN 


3kod-pa=Samnibesa 280 
Khyd-par 225 

EChyad-par-ghan 228 

Nes-tc 141 
'Jo-bo-fiid sku 286 
Dhos-mnon-pa 250 
STus*bcas,-ined 265 
Rnatn-par-ses-pa^vijflana 284 
3flin-rje chen-po 122 
Snoms-par hjug-pa=sama-Spa- 
tti 11 


Svatma-adarsan-dharma 175 
Svidhi-mukti-daridra 73 
SvfinumSnena 150 
Svflbhiprgya 234 
Svgrtlianumana 146, 178 

Hetu 254, 265 
Hetu, kgrana 277 
Hctu-dosa 159 
Hetu-pratyaya 12, 265 
Hetu-pratyay-apek;a 125,132 
Hetu-pratyaya-sSmagrI 303, 
309 

Hetu-pratyaya-sainagrt - sam- 
bliQta 309 

HetdnSmca pratyayanSm 265 
Heya 92 


WORDS 

Rtag-pa 286 

Bdag - der - hdu-ses - yan-dag 
(==rad-gtma-samjna 293 

Tha-stlad-grub-pa 105 
Thugs-rje-chen-po 122 
Hd« byed-samsksra 284 
Hdu-ses =-Samjna 284 
Ye-ses P. 286 
Legs-ldan-bbyed 104 

Ses-pa 287 
Ses-pa-med-pa 280 



i7 


MONGOLIAN WORDS 

Burhan-bags-hi 43 

INDEX OF SANSKRIT WORDS 


Akutobhaya 155, 15, 16, 17, 
18, 19, 20, 22, 23, 43, 47, 
56, 69, 92 171, 172, 203, 
289 

Akjara-Sataka 105 
Abhidharamako^a 105 
Abhisamayalankara 28 
A?ta - sghasrika - prajS -piri- 
mits Sutra 185 
Arya-Tathagata-Guhya 325 
irya-Ratnakara Satra 279 
Katha-vatthu 25 
Kbuddaka 34 
Catuhgataka 74, 140 
Tattvarthadhigama-sQtra 93 
Tarkajvgla 120 
Trimsika 53, 54, 55, 173 
Naisadhlya 97 
Nyaya-kaniks 133 

NySya-kandall 97, 99 
Nygya-tgtparya-dlpika 99 
Nyaya-bindu-ttks 40 
Nyayabmdu - Purva - Paksa 
Sankdpti 250 

Nygya-bhajya 89, 90, 92, 98 
NySya-makaranda 63 
NySya-Mafijarl 89, 97, 98 
NySya-sSra 97, 98 
Nyaya-vartika 99 
NySya-vsrtika-tatparya-tlkg 94 
Nygya-satra 89, 90, 92, 98 
Parkfuddbi 57 
Frajfia-pradlpa 105 
Prajfia-mala 104 
Pratltya - samutpada - brdaya 
105 


Pramana-samuccaya 250 
Prasanna-pads 108 
Brahmj&la-sutta 30 
Brhad-Sranyaka upanijad 244 
Bodhicarykvatsra 185 
Bbagavad-gltg 313 
Majjhima NikSya 203 
MabSySna Vimslka 105 
Mahflvagga 91 
Msdbyamikavatara 226 
Msdbyamika-vrtti 43 
Madhyamaka &stra 105 
Mfila Madhyamaka &stra 43, 
201, 209, 227 
Yukti-sastika 104 
Yogasutra 99 
Ratnakuta satra 82 
Ratnamalika 294 
Ratn avail 294 
Lankava tara-sntra 51 
LokStlta-stava 202 
Vajramanda-dbgranl 196 
Vigraha-vyavarartinI 165 
Vedsnta-paribbasa 63 
Vaidalya-sUtra 105 
Salistamba-satra 157 
Sikjs-samuccaya 199 
Sanyata-saptati 105 
Sloka-vgrtika 62 
Samyutta Nikaya 92 
Samtsnsntara-siddhi 58 
Saingdbiraja-sQtra 189 
Sarva-darfanasamgraha 184 



18 


INDEX OF PROPER NAMES 


A. B. Keith 8, 9, 32, 35, 37, 
52, 60,61, 85, 94, 201, 203 
A. Barth 60, 85, 108 
Ahsayftmatj 189 
Akutobhaya 155 
Alembert ’D 66 n. 

Amitfbha 78 

Ancsaki 'Af 10, 47,64, 79 
Aristotle 70, 253, 327 
Aryadeva 51, 77, 140 
Anasnnga (Asanga) 52, 133, 
252 

Arya Pudgala 132 
Afvaghosa 51 n. 52, 107 
Aung 201 
Avalokitavrata 105 
Avonarius. 66 n. 

Bain 70 
Baldwin 87 
Baradin B. 60 
Barth A. 60, 80, 108 
B C Law 4, 19 
Beck 9, 93 
Bergson 29, 85, 88 
Bertrand Russell 30, 61, 66, 
68,' 81, 86 
BhSsarvajSa 97 
BbSskara 215 

Bhavaviveka ( Bhavya ) 106, 
107, 120, 127, ISO, 131, 

138, 139, 141, 143, 144, 
145, 146, 148, 149, 151, 

152, 153, 159, 160, 161, 

162, 163, 166, 167, 168, 

169, 170, 172, 174, 182 
Bodhidharma 202 


Bodhisattva J32 
Bradley 86, 88 
Bruno 88 
Buddhagbosa 9 
Buddhapslita 127, 129, 138 , 
142, 144-46,148, 149, 157, 
161, 180, 182 
Buhler ] 

BurnoufE 51, 196, 220, 221 
Bus ton 205 " 

Candraklrtl 41, 57, 67, 69, 
81, 80, 100, 107, 141,172, 
173, 18 4, 187, 213, 235, 
238,172,253 
Childers 285 
Claude Bernard 66 
Comte 66 

C Rhys Davids (Mis ) 26 
Cusanus Nicolaus 88 
D Alembert 66 
Dahlman 6 
Das Gupta 24 
Das Heilige 46 n 
Descartes 32 
Deussen 63, 85, 134 
Deva barman 104 
Dharma-kirti 170, 249 
Dharmapala 53 
Dharmottara 249 
DignSga 40, 52, 53, 57, 74, 
159, 161, 164, 177, 204, 
211, 213, 214, 234, 235, 
238, 240, 249, 251, 252, 
222, 253, 

Dtdhasaya 192 
E. Mach 66 



19 


E Senart 6, 9, 85 

Eberbard 247 

Eister 66 

Epicurus 25 

Faddegon 96, 99 

Franke O. 70 

Freud Sigm 42 

Fr. Heiler 9, 24, 29, 30, 40 

G. Buhler 1 

G. Bruno 88 

G. Garbe 204 

G. Grote 70 

G. Tsibikoff 28 

G. Tucci 51 
Gaudapada 84 
Glassenapp 93 
Gorsky 292 
Gotama 97 
Grote, G, 70 
Grunwedel59, 104 
Gunamati 104 
Gunalrl 104 

H. Beck 9, 94 

H. Bergson 29, 85, 88 
H. Hegel 86 

H. Jacobi 3, 9, 33, 60, 86, 93, 
99 

H. Kerfel 18 
H. Kern 50, 60, 78 
H. V. Glassenapp 93 
Harivarman 38 
Hegel 87, 88 
Heiler 9 
Heideberg 12 
Heraclitus 86 

Hlnaygna 38, 43, 60, 77, 90, 
119, 125, 162, 164, 171 


HlnaySnist 51, 127, 143, 167, 
185, 200 

Hlnayanistic 72, 195 
J. Dahlman 6 
J. H. Woods 10 
J. Masuda 49 
J. Takakusu 10 
Jacob 185 

Jakobi (a) 3, 33 • 

Jaimini 292 ’ 

Jayanta 89, 91, 98 
Ramalaftla 250 
Kanida 292 

Kant 24, '29, 34, 158, 235, 
247 

Kapila 292 
Kalya pa 191 
Katham (Mrs) 129 
KfttySyana 189 
Keith (B , A. B.) 8, 35, 94 
Kern H. 50, 60 
Kerchmann 247 
Kirfel 18 
Kuhn Ernst 70 
KumSralabha 35, 61 
Ladd 164 
Law B. G. 4, 19 
Lanskyahu-tuk-tu 292 
Lehman 9 
Leibnitz 32 
Levi, Sylvain 52 
M. (A) Anesaki 10, 47, 64, 79 
M. D. La Valle Poussin 
9, 20, 22, 23, 33, 34, 35, 
37, 38,40,41,44,47, 50, 
55, 60, 65, 70, 90, 121, 
184, 186, 201 



M. H, Berg ton 88 
M, Sallewcr 63 
Mach, R, 66 
M.Tdhav5cSrya 184 
Madinaniika Cl, 75 
Mfidhyamlfca PrSsangika 107 
Msdhtamila SvSntant- 

rika 107 

Maltfbhadanta 41 
Mahjsanghika 45 
Mahay an a 8, 28, 38, 50, 60, 
68, 90, 105, 107 
MahSySnist 40, 43, 52, 185 
Mahayfinfstic 6, 60, 123 
Maftrcya asanga 28, 55 
Manju^rl 197 
Masson Ourscl 2 
Masuda 46 

Max Muller 24, 34, 235 
MlmSmsaJca 30 
MimamsS 166 
M. Sallewcr 63 
M. Walleser 84 
Nacolaus Cusanus 88 
W. Soderblom 9 
.Vanda 48 

Vfigarjuna 51, 57, 61, 67, 83, 
84, 85,' 86, 87, 88, 104, 
105, 107, 108, 120, 123, 
130, 135, 145, 153, 154, 
155, 159, 165, 168, 120, 
186, 188, 190, 201, 211, 
220, 232, 253, 263, 264, 
265, 269, 272, 274 
laiySyika 40 
fyaya Vaiiejika 166 
). FranLe 34, 70 
L. Otto 46 


O. Roscberg 10, 23, 24, 33, 

37, 39, 44, 46, 58, 183, 
201, 254 

Oldcnbcrg 34, 97 
Otto R. 46 
P. Ma«on ourseI-2 
P. L Valdya 77 
Parmenides 79 
Pfinini 122, 216 
Patanjali 8 
Paul Tuxen 33 
PraiastapSda 27 
R. Otto 46 
Rahu 231 
Rhys Davids 24 
Rosenberg 10, 23, 24 
Russell Bertrand 66 
R. Soderblom 9 
S N. Das Gupta 24, 89 
Samurai 24 
Sanghabhadra 47 
Sankara 63, 84, 134 
Sankhya 158, 161, 175, 209, 4 
Sariputra 189 
SautrSntika 75, 298 
Schiefner 53 
Schopenhauer 85 
Senart E 7 
Socrates 143, 147 
Soderblom 9 
Spinoza 67, 88, 133 
Srllabha 10, 22, 125, 127, 128 
Sthirmati 52, 53, 55, 105 
SubhQti 194 
Suzuki 36, 52, 64, 122 
Svatantnkas 
Sylvam Levi 52, 53 



21 


Takakusu 10 
TaibikofF 28 
Tara 78 

Tson-kha-pa 28 
Tucci 51 
Tnxen 30 
Udayana 244 
Udyotkara 91 
Upali 201 

VScaspatimiira 62, 63, 133, 
203, 204, 215 
VaibhSsika 38, 47 
Vairocana 78 
Vailesika 82 
Vaidya P. L. 81 
Valle Poussin 1, 10 
Vasubandhu 13, 35, 36,40, 
52,126, 130, 250„ 128 
Vasumitra 38 


Vatslputrlya 50 
VatsTputrlyas 19 
Vatsyayana 91 
Vijffanavada 37 
Vimalaklrti 24 

W. Spottlswoode 215 
Wach 61 

Walleser 60, 61, 65, 84, 85 
Wassilief 48, 49, 51, 52, 105, 
108, 192,155 
Wassilew 192 
Woods H. 

Y. S. Vyasa 45, 95 
Yamakami Sogen 52,64 
Yasomitra 13, 128, 265 
Yogacaras 51, 53 
Zeno 86, 107, 211 




SUBJECTS 

' '> * 

Absolute, called Nirvana ( q. c. ) Buddhism, 4; impersonal 
5; either eternal life or eternal death, probable history of 
the Buddist coneption, 92. whether to be cognised by 
logical methods, 317. 

Adamantine argument of Buddhapalita against Causality, 139. 

Agent, denial of conscious agents in the impersonal world- 
process, 224, 225. 

Agnotieism of Buddha, 34. 

Annihilation of all the dements ( skandhas ) of life, a reality 
in the Hlnaygna, 3 the ultimate end of life, 4, 5. The 
strangeness for our habits of thought, of the idea that sucb 
such an end must be "desirable," 3. Indian protest 
against it, 4, Buddhism not tne only Indian system with 
such an ideal, 54 ff. The probable, explanation 3—4 54 
Antinomies, similar to those of Kant, 318 similarity in the 
solution. Ibid. 

2rya v. Saint, 5. 

Beings, containing elements of 18 kinds, containing elements 
of 14 kinds (ethereal bodies) containing elements of3 
kinds (pure spirits), 22 p, s. v. mystic worlds and 
Central conception, p, 27, 143. _ 

Bhsvaviveka's criticism of Buddhapalita, 129 ff. 

Buddha. Essentially human during life time and absolutely 
extinct after death in the majority of the early 
schools and' such a Buddha denied in Mahsyana, 
ibid, identified in MahSySna with the Universe 73, 316, 
n. S the question whether he existed at lifetime or after 
death has no meaning in the strictly monistic system of 
the Mfidhyamikas, 315 according to the Yogacaras the 
Buddha abiding in apratisthita ( cp. index 7) Nirvana 
reveals himself as a God, 204 n, 3 Congized in mystic 
intuition. 72. 



( 24 ) 

Buddhism. was always predominantly philosophic, 8 a moral 
doctrine based upon a system of ontology, ibid. 

Carnality. 1, in Hinaysna, The world an infinite plurality of 
momentary entities ( dharmas ) and forces ( samsltgras) 
appearing and disappering in strict coordination accord¬ 
ing to causal laws, 64. No production of entities by 
other entities but their coordinated appearances, ibid. 
Uniformity or regularity In nature, 277, 307. The mystic 
worlds also imagined as obeying special causal laws 13, 
14, 15, 20, 21, 31. Similarity of this Buddhist conception 
of causality with the modem conception of causation as 
meaning of the formula of pratltya—samutpsda, to be 
distinguished from the 12 zrtembered special formula (c. c.) 
204, 247, n, 6. A general causal interdependence 
(ksrnahctu) between all elements, past; present and 
future, of the whole universe, 62. 259, 172 n. This 
conception the forerunner (or corollary) of Monism, 67 
causes and conditions (hetu-pratyaya) 257, 258 the 
, difference how far observed, 292, 358; both terms used as 
synonyms, ibid. Classification of condition, 258, not 
always required to be strictly systematical, ibid. The 
classification of conditions In the school of the Sarvasti- 
vfidins, 248 mn The preceding condition of causa maieri- 
alis fsamanantara-pratyava) 260. The special condition 
or causa rffrei'ns fedhipafi-pratyaya) 262. The objective 
condition (glambana-pratyaya) 259. The general or 
cooperating condition (hetupratyaya or sahafcsripratyaya) 
256. The homogeneous (sabbSga) the simultaneous 
(sahabha-samprayufcta) and the moral (vipaka-hetu- 
karma) causations 258, Anthropomorphic (purosa-ksra- 
phala) conception of causation rejected 262. 

Causality II. In MahSySna. The conception of interdependent 
momentary elements replaced by foe idea of their Rela¬ 
tivity (q. c) 61 ff. ' Origination, existence, relation 
coneived as synonyms 150. The relativity of separate 
elements conceived as their ultimate unreality 64, there¬ 
fore causality denied altogether 74,148 ff, 172 The 



( 25 } 


adamantine argument against causation; the effect can 
be neither identifal with the cause nor can it be different, 
210 n 2. The current views of causality involved in 
contradiction, 139 ff A new manifestation not to be 
distinguished from a new production, 143, 149, 147. A 
new production of an existing thing useless 148. Mea¬ 
ning of such arguments. Critique of the converse (Vai- 
s&ika) view of a break between the effect and its material 
cause 179 n, impossibility of efficient causes 272. 
Causation not to be established on the basis of direct 
experience, 139. Causality as coordination denied 263. 
The denial of identity between cause and effect does not 
entail the acceptance of a difference be ween them, 153, 
154. Impossibility of a double causation, when the effect 
is supposed to be partly identical and partly different from 
its cause 181. Impossibility of a (pluralistic) Universe 
without causation 121 ff. Impossibility of a causation 
by God, 122. Causation from Time, from the Atoms, 
from Primitive Matter or Nature denied, 157. Causality 
in the phenomenal, world likewise denied, but only on 
the score that its advocates are lacking the right concep¬ 
tion of the difference between the Absolute and the 
Phenomenal, 160 otherwise contingent, phenomenal, 
relative causality accepted, 160, 167, 253. 

Commiseration. Great, (mahi-karana) different in Hlnayfina 
and Mah&y&ns, 122. 

Controversy, philosophic, to be conducted on principles 
admitted by one party 176, by both parties 177. 

Dkarma-kaya, the Cosmos or Cosmical Body of the Buddha 
45, 74, 79, 215. Index. 7. s. v. 

Differential Calculus, its principles known to Indian astrono¬ 
mers 142. 

Dualism, 14. 

Ulan Vital, karman 24, 92, ff;—vipaka-hetu or moral causa¬ 
tion. 

Elements, their number in a personality, 12; linked together 
by causal laws, 12 their intensity in a combination 14 the 



( 26 ) 


two most precious ones in a personality 14 Some 
elements suppressed by insight, others by concentration 
(yoga), 15; divided m fundamental and their manifesta- 
tions, 41. ' 

Energies their separate existence denied, 251. 

Elemalist 1 4. 

Ethic. 5 

Entropy, 9, n.6 

Evanescence, Buddhist theories about it. 166 

God, as a Supreme Deity denied. 159 

Gods, their position in Buddhism, 15 are conceived as 
denizens of mystic worlds, eternally merged in trance, 
representing assemblages either of 14 or 3 categories of 
elements, 17 

HinaySna, contrasted with Mahgygna, 55 Its central concep¬ 
tion a Plurality of—Elements (dharma) and unreality 
of Substance or Soul (pudgala—nairStmya), 60 its moral 
ideal of personal Quietism leading to final Annihilation 
of every life, 5 divided into Vaibhasikas and SautrSntikas, 
q. c. 

Idealistic views appearing several times in the history of 
Buddhism. 48 

Ignorance, (avidya) or naive realism coneived as a separate 
mental element, the reverse of prajns, 14 

Illusion, and reality, contrasted, 166 

Impersonal Universe, 5 

Introspection, 169 

Logic, the question of its validity under Monism, 203 ff. 
acceptance of realistic logic by the Mfidhyamika. 209 

Madhyamika= the Middle Path=Relativity=non duahty=Mo- 
121 n, not nshilism, 57 history of the system 99. ff.; 
its method explained, controversy with Sankhya, 151 
ff. Misconception in Europe; 57 misconceptions in India, 
57. 



(27) 


Maihyamtkas ff. passim 53 

Mahayana, its central conception of Monism (advaita) or 
Relativity (sanyatS) of every thing phenomenal or the 
unreality of the pluralistic Universe (dharma-nairstyma) 
40. ff; its contrast with the Central conception of HlnayS- 
na. q. c. Aupanijad influence very probable, 76 This 
Monism interpreted in an idealistic sense by the Yogsca- 
ras, 99 The Mah&y&nistic feeling of Great Commisseration 
and the Mah&ySnistic moral ideal of Universal Salvation 
of everty thing, living, imagined as agreeing with monistic 
ontology, 124. 

Materialism ( —denial of future Ife ) 4. { —denial of retribu¬ 
tion) 4. 

Matter, consisting of evanescent elements, 5 no Matter beyond 
sense-data, 278 

Middle Path, also a synonym of Relativity, 122 cp. madhyama 
pratipad in Index, 7. 

Mind, consisting of evanescent dements, 5 the number of 13 
mental elements (separate) coexisting at one moment. 13 
n. 2 

Monism, 5 parallel developments in Buddhism and Brahma¬ 
nism, 75 European parallels, 70 ff. harmonizing with the 
feeling of Great Commiseration, 134 the unique substance 
of the Universe possesses an infinite number of attributes, 
136; impossibility of logic under Monism 168, ff. every 
reason either unreal or contradictory 169; in a monistic 
Universe the reality of the Buddhist doctrine itself must 
be denied, in that sense that it is also merged in the reality 
of the Whole, 312 ff. All philsophical systems ultimately 
tending towards Monism, 166 

Monist, 6 

Monistic Unioerse, 4 

Moral progress how imagined ? Moral law how to be esta¬ 
blished under phenomenalism, 191 

Motion, impossible in a monistic Universe. 207 



< 2ft ) 


Mytlie hiaitin (yogi-pratynkja) of the Saint, 28 the faculty 
of intuiting directly that real condition of the Universe 


which has been constructed conceptually by philosophic 
analysis, 25 fT. Different in Hlnay&na and Mah&ySna, 
ibid. Is called the Path of Illumination (dptimsrga), 
ibid, Produces the Buddhist Saint (sryaayogin) ibid. 
Attained suddenly in the 24 consecutive moments, 26. 


Mystic worlds, higher planes of existence corresponding to 
degrees of absorption in trance, where the faculty of 
concentration nnd the special powers which it confers are 
predominant and control the character of life and the 
number of elements entering the composition for shaping 
individual existences, 17. These worlds projected by 
imagination on the basis of observation of the states of 
ecstatic meditation, by transferring actual experiences 
into separate higher planes of existence, 21 Opinion of 
Srll&bha, ibid. Whercss in the worlds of gross bodies the 
formula of an individual being contains elements of 27 
different kinds (5 sense faculties, 5 corresponding seme 
data, 5 corresponding sensations, the mind, ideas and 
mental sensations,) in the worlds of trance (the four 
dhyfinas) the olfactory and gustatory faculties and the 
corresponding sensations being in abeyance, the formula 
is reduced to elements or 14 kinds, 17. The experimental 
foundation of this feature, 21. Life shapes under the 
changed condition that neither food, nor clothes, nor 
houses, arc needed. 19 The consequent moral perfection 
of those beings, ibid; their transparent bodies ibid. The 
condition of their life described, ibid. In the highest 
planes of trance the appearance of-all physical elements 
being suppressed by yoga, the formula of a personal exis¬ 
tence comprised only mental elements (3 kinds of them), 
the denizens are pure spirits, merged in almost eternal 


catalepsy, 17, 


ffag&rjttna, his works, 144, his style, 70. 

Jftrrsaa, I, Uinq;flnishe, a designation of the Absolute as an 
absolute end of all phenomenal existence 6 possibly pre 



( 29 ) 


Buddhistic, 6 unlike a survival in heaven, 34 extinction 
of all active elements (samskara) of life, 43 even the 
thinnest vestige of life, still existing in cateleptic states, 
extinct In N. 23 Yoga as the expedient through which a 
gradual extinction of all active elements, is attained. 
6, ff; Protest against annihilation of life as the ultimate 
goal of life, 87, ff,, 279, meaning of N. as immortality, 
31, it is a place where there is neither life, nor (repeated ) 
death, 300, a place of eternal death, 39, how far similar 
to the materialistic conception 44, similar to the Ny&ya- 
Vaisesika conception of a "stone-like” condition of the 
Soul as the absolute end, 41, how far comparable to the 
conception of modern science about the absolute end 
(Entropy), 53 n. 6; the difficulties of giving a clear 
definition of the Absolute realized in Hinaysna, 32; the 
antinomies, 32 n. 308 n. 9; their solution similar to the 
answer given by Kant, 313, n. 2 the reluctance of the 
Buddha to go into details when pressed by inquisitive 
questioners, 31 N. final and non-final 276 ff. their defini¬ 
tions in the Hinaysna, ibid. The Vaibhg$ikas, the only 
school of later Buddhism which kept faithful to the idea 
of a lifeless N. 35; their idea of this N, as being a reality 
(vastu), in the sense of materialistic, lifeless reality, 42, 
n. 3, 299, n, 3, 300 their line of argument, 41 ff. n. 3; 
the denial of such a N. by the Sautrantikas, 31, definition 
of the latter presupposes the acceptance of the Mahsyfi- 
nistic idea of dharma-ksya, 41, n. 2. The moral side 
of the problem of N.» 3 Buddha’s emphatic protest against 
Materialism in the Indian conception of the term as con¬ 
noting a denial of moral obligations and of retribution, 
6, such materialism is a direct way not to Nirvana; but 
to hell, 282; N., although extinction of life, nevertheless 
a "desirable” aim, contrasted with phenomenal life as the 
sum to be sbunned, 85. The world-process as a process 
of gradual moral purification and spiritualization of life, 
14; which nevertheless leads towards Annihilation of all 
life; 23. The strangeness, for our habits of thought, of 



( So ) 


the "desirability’’ of such a solution, 4, but Buddha 
finds the conception of an eternal Soul equally strange. 
4. The grip of the idea of Quiescence upon the Indian 
mind, 7. ■ The protest of several early schools against a 
lifeless N. 4, 46; The idea of a surviving consciousness 
in the VStsiputrlya, Mahasanghika and other schools, 46, 
n. 5, their line of srgument, 46, n. 1. The Sautrfintika- 
school a continuator of this tendency leading to Mah&yS- 
msm, 37. Nirvana II Mahayemstic, a designation of the 
Absolute harmonizing with a system of philosophical 
Monism, 53, if. its identity with the Vedanta conception 
52, 204, n. influence of the Unpanishads probable, 76 
its contrast with the Pluralism of Hlnay&na, it is neither 
an Ens, nor a non-Ens, and 256, nor both, 297, nor 
neither, 302. The last solution (neither Ens nor non- 

>. Ens) how iar favoured in Mah&yana 302, n. 2 N. means 
non-plurality, 64, non-Duahty (advaita), extinction of 
Plurality, 137, no Origination 139 if, 274, no motion, 
361 no real extinction 274, but it is the extinction of all 
constructions of human (pluralistic) thought 286 N in¬ 
expressibly, 304, N. is this world viewed sub spent aeler - 
nitatis 73; thus there is a substantial identity between 
NirvSna<=the Absolute and Samsara-»the Phenomenal, 
n. 287; no line of demarcation between them 280, there¬ 
fore Nirvana is not. a separate reality,-37; such is the 

. meaning of the “denial” of N. 38. Neither the Realists, 
,nor the Materialists, nor the half-realistic Sautrantikas 
nor the Idealistic YogficSras conceive N. rightly in a 
strictly monsistic sense, 282. The three and four Nirvfinas 
of the YogficSras, 276, n. 3; , their altruistic (apratisjhita, 
,.cp. .Index 7) N., 278, its seeming contradiction with 
strict Monism ibid. The theistic tendencies of the 
YogficSras and their artificial constructions, 307 n. 3. 
The 20 solutions .mentioned in the LankavatSra-sfitra, a 
literary composition without any scientific precision, 46. 
n. 2. History of the Buddhist conception of N. 91 ff- 

Nihilism, 5. 



{ 31 ) 


JfySya-Vai&esika, the NirvSna as taught in the early school 
similar to the Annihilation in Hlnaygna, ff. 82. 

Object (the) as a condition of mental phenomena, 260. 

Ontolgoy, 5. 

Path of Illumination , 25. 

Path of Salvation , its divisions, 25, 

Particular, the notion of an Absolute Particular*=>the point- 
instant=the "thing-in-itself” (q. c.) 215 ff. 218 ff 

Personal identity denied, 227. 

Personality, (pudgala) a bundle of elements 12, a stream of 
of thought, 12. 

Pessimism, 8 the term duhkha does not mean pain or suffering 
in the usual sense, but phenomenal life (janman=upadSna- 
skandh&h) as contrsted with the eternal Quietitude of the 
Absolute which is the Only Bliss, 83 cp. Index, 7 s. v. 
duhkha. 

Phenomenal Reality, vidicated as the surface (samvrh) covering 
the Absolute, ff. but there is in such Phenomenal Reality 
not the “slightest bit" of Absolute Reality; i. e. no 
“thing-in-itself’q. c) 166 Phenomenal Reality denied 
as against non-Buddhists, since they have not the right 
conception of the difference between the Phenomenal and 
Absolute Realities, 157. 

Pluralism, passim 5. 

Psychology , without a Soul, 8. 

Pratitya-samutp&da, see in index, 11. 

Quiescence (real bliss) 5. 

Realism , in Hlnayflna, 202, of the Sautrantikas, 29, 189; de¬ 
nied in MahaySna, ff 

Reality, its conception in Hlnay&na, its definition by the 
Msdhyamikas the same as the definition of Substance 
or Reality, by Spinoza, 61. 

Relativity, the causal interdependence of all things regarded 
as their relative existence, 42. The term pratltya- 



( $2 } 


samutpada has In MahSySna the meaning of Relativity, 
60 etc. It is a synonym of tfanyatfi, 63 and n. 1. Existence’ 
absolute and relative, 61. Nothing short of the Whole 
>. e. the Whole of the Wholes represents absolute, inde¬ 
pendent existence, 61, 246 n. Similarity, of this idea to the 
conception of an independent Substance by Spinoza, 
61.n. 1; other European and Indian parallels 76 ff; 
Every separate thing relative because not independent^ 
61. Meaning of the term sBnya as svabhava-iQnya i. e. 
a thing “devoid” of independent reality or "relative” 
61* Relative means ultimately unreal or phenomenally 
real, 61. Vindication of phenomenal reality (paratantra) 
by the YogScdnis, 40 by the Madhyamikas, 321, ff. 
Phenomenal another name for relative, 202, n. 1. Cause 
and effect correlative 201. Cognition and its object 
correlative, 245. Sense-data correlative, 237. The'“thing- 
in-itself". 

correlative, 240 n. 4 Non-Relative (=> non-coordinated 
“not caused), is only Nirvana, 137 Relativity as the 
"surface” (samvrti) and Reality as the essence "under 
the surface” (saifivrta) 135, n. l;the essential identity 
of both, ibid Synonyms expressing the idea of Relativity 
in the Buddhist interpretation, 121. One of the synonyms 
is the "Middle Path,” Msdhyamika-Sastra therefore to 
be translated as the Theory of Relativity 75, n 121 Is 
Relativity itself relative ? 74 Some points of similarity 
beyween this conception of Relativity and the Dialectical 
Method of Hegal and his school, 70, cp. .Index, 7, s. v. 
vikalpa. 

Release, (Final), 5 

Religion, Sacrificial, the promise of paradise, 4 

Result, as a natural outflow of conditions (nijyanda) 259, n 
the anthropomorphic, (purujakara) ibid. 

Saint, (arya) The term arya which in the Brahmminacal 
Codes and all Brahamanical literature has the meaning 
of “noble in race” changed in Buddhism for this meaning 





( S3 ) 


altogether and is used as a techinacal term for the desig¬ 
nation of Buddhist Saint, 24, n. (cp, the similar change 
that Buddha wished to inculcate in the meaning of the 
term (Brahmin) Rhys Davids. Dialogues, 218 firya- 
pudgala represents an assemblage of morally pure elements, 
23j he is the man who has through accumulated virtue 
(pupya-sambh&ra) and accumulated knowledge (Jflana- 
sambhira) entered the Path of Illumination, (drs#marga). 
consisting in a direct intuition of the real Condition of 
the Universe, as Pluralism in HTnaySna, as Monsim in 
MahaySna, 24, n. 4, 195. n. 1; is called the Yogin 24, n. 
the Yogacara, 3H; His intuition called mystic intuition 
(yogi-pratyaksa) 24 ffi All habits of thought changed, 
ibid. This intuition only felt internally (pratyatma- 
vedya) cannot be expressed in words, 68 The real 
attitude of the Saint in the discussion about the Absolute 
should be silence 167. He nevertheless can adapt himself 
to the habitual ways of thinking and instruct mankind by 
arguments intelligent to them 167. All arguments will 
be negative and point out the hopeless contradictions in 
the usual ways of thinking, ibid. 

S&nkhya views, 5. 

Sarvostivadins, their idea of the world as an assembly of 
cooperating elements, 294. 

Sautrantika, as intermediate school between HlnaySna and 
MahSyina 36, if, their role comparable with Occam’s 
Razor, 36; their conception of reality, 44 ff. 289; regarded 
as MahSySnist, 289 n. 

Scholasticism in Early Buddhism 36. 

Scriptures, their conventional and real meaning, 188 ff. 

Sense-data, the only reality in Matter according to HlnaySna, 
216. 

Sense-perception, its definition as pure sensation 156 £f; the 
Msdhyamika definition n. 7, 258 

Sophisms Of Bhavoviveka, 68 of Zeno, of Elea, 52. 67, 140 

Soul, eternal, individual 2 denial of its existence as a separate 
substance in Early Buddhism, 6 as inanimate ubiquitous 
“stpnelike" substance in Ny&ya-Vai$ejika, 88 



( 34 ) 


Sound, theories about its essence, 162 
Sources of knowledge only two, (intellect and senses) 141: the 
our sources of realistic logic accepted by the Msdhya- 


Space., a reality in HinaySna, 51. 

Spach, the Buddhist theory of speech (apoha) 233 
Sphere of purified matter of ethereal bodies, 15 of pure 
spirits, 15 cp. s. v. Mystic worlds. 

Substance denied 12 the unique substance of the world, 5 
Ssnyalu means svabh5va-ianyatS=paraspara-apck;atS, or 
Relativity (q. c.) cp. Index. 7. 

Thing in itself. The conception of an extreme concrete 
' ar, d particular, the absolutely particular, the thmg char¬ 
acterised exclusively by its own self (sva-laksana), the 
residue which remains when all constructions of thought 
and all relations have been dropped, is opposed by 
Dignffga as a kind of Absolute to the Universal Relativity 
and Unreality of N3g4rjuna, 215, Candrakirti declares 
it also to be relative, 231 j its double relativity, a with 
the corresponding cognition, b) with the Universal as 
the thing not in itself, 213, 231. Its similarity to the Hoc 
Aliquid of Aristotle, to the "thing in itself", of Kant, 
246, n. to the '‘Thisness ,, of Hegel, 87 

Time, its unreality, 273. 

Truths (the four) of the Saint, 27; their meaning in Hinaygna 
and their meaning in Mahaygna, 28, in Nyaya. Vaifejika, 
55; a scheme for philosophical construction accepted by 
all systems, 90-91, nothing Buddhistic in them, since they 
are accepted by all systems, ibid. 

Vpanishad, views, 4 

VaibhSsikos, continuators of the Sarvastivgdins, 40, 44,27 ff. 
in a broader sense the name is applicable to all the 
18 schools of HinaySna, sc. ail, HinaySna the Sautrfinhkas 
excepted. 

VatstpuUlyas, their idea of a surviving personality, 305. 

Togo, I profound meditation, the means of attaining Quies¬ 
cence, 4; is not magic, 8. Opinions of , Keith, Beck, 
Tollman, Soderblom, Heier, de la ValWe Pousin, S&nart, 



( 35 ) 


Woods, Anesaki, Takakusu, 9. The faculty of concectra- 
ting attention upon one point to the exclusion of all other 
objects, (sam&dhi), 9; considered as a separate faculty of 
the humena mind such as feeling, will, desire, ideas, 
attention, etc. 4. n. when cultivated induces hypnotic 
statesending in the catelepsy, (asamjfii-samSpatti), 11; 
considered to be one of the most precious human faculties, 
14. Can mean the faculty, the resulting mental state 
and the different places (worlds) where it is more or less 
intensely practised, 11. Its synonyms dhysna, samB- 
patti, ekagrata, ibid. 

Yoga, II, the mystic power produced by intense concentrated 
contemplation of a single point or idea, 15. This power 
capable of producing a radical change in the composition 
of individual existences by suppressing the operation of 
elements composing a normal existence, ibid. Individuals 
with a highly developed faculty of concentration and 
having much practised it considered to be purified, ibid. 
This power capable of transferring human beings out of 
this world of gross bodies into higher mystic worlds (q. c.) 
where it becomes the predominant faculty controlling the 
character of life and the composition of individual exis¬ 
tences (the gradually reduced number of elements ente¬ 
ring into cooperation for producing an individual per¬ 
sonal life) 17. The ultimate end of this process of supp¬ 
ression in Nirvana, 23. Buddhist yoga has nothing to do 
with magic and sorcery, 3 ff 8 ff. Yoga exercises in 
Zen monasteries in Japan, 24 n. Origin and history of 
the Buddhist doctrine of meditation, 27; its denial as a 
mystic power by the Mlmfimsakas, 28; its importance in 
the Nyfiy Vaiiesika, system, 87. 

Yogacaras, the school of 46, ff, their idea that all elements 
of life are eternally quiescent, 53 their conception of 
reality, 49; the synonym of a MahfiySnist 318. 




TECHNICAL TERMS 


Ah-prasanga , a generalized reductio ad absurdum. e. g. "if cause 
and effect are identical, everything will be eternally 
nascent, if they really are different, all things being 
different from one another, everything will be produced 
out of anything”, 138. 

Adhikarana-ssdhana, a noun denoting the place where an 
action is going on, e. g. dhyana from the root dhyan, (to 
meditate) in the sense of a world of which the denizens 
possess thought-concentratioh as their normal condition, 
7, 134. 

Adhipati-pralyaya, a ruling or determining cause, e. g. the 
organ of vision in regard to visual sensation, 272 cp. 
samSnSntara—slambana,—and hetu*pratyaya. 

Adhyavasita- (visaya ), see prfipya-visaya, 213. 

Adhvan , transition, time; past, present and future, 69, 171. 

Anapeksah sva-bhavah, "one’s own" independent existence, 
non-relative, absolute Ens a conception corresponding to 
a certain extent, to Spinoza's Substance, 75. 

Anasrava, “uninfluenced” by klefas q c. cp. asrava 89, 186. 

Anatma-{ysda) the theory maintaining that the Whole 
whether a Soul, a Psyche or a Substance, does not exist 
separately, over and above its separate elements (dharma) 
linked together by causal laws. This is the principal 
tenet of Hinaysna and Buddhism, synon. pudgala 
nair&tmya, pratltya-samutpada (Hlnaygnistic, dharmats 
(Hlnayanistic) dharma-sanketa, skandha-ayatana-dhatavah 
etc, q, c. The converse theory, viz. the Whole really 
exists, but not the parts, is the central conception in 
MahSySna, 68, 201. 

Atiupskhya , inexpressible in speech, beyond words and 
discursive concepts-anirvacanlya nisprapanca, 238. 



38 


Anupalabdhi, negation of the hypothetically-assumed presence 
of something, e, g. there is on this place no jar, because 
if it were present it would be perceived, 301. 

A theory of negative judgments very similar to that 
introduced into European Logic by Sigwart, cp. Logic, 
3 p. 155. "die Vcrncinung setzt eine Zumuthung (sropa) 
voraus", cp, Nyaya-bindu, II 26 ff. 

AnupaiSya-sat, existence independent of any substratum 
uncaused, non-relative, absolute existence, 309. 

Annbham, immediate experience, as contrasted with philoso¬ 
phic interpretation, 210 

Anaiksnitka (-httu ) inconclusive, Indefinite argument^ synon. 
savyabhicSra. 302. 

Anya-vjavrtli (existence of an object established by) contrast 
with its negations, e. g. "blue colour is established and 
exists only in so far as there are non-blue colours", synon. 
apoha, paraspara-apeksa, svabbsva-(nnya, etc. 238. 

AnvayajnSna, a momentary mystic intuition of the “Four 
Truths'’ in the mystic worlds, i e of the elements out of 
which these worlds are constructed in accordance with 
special causal laws, 28. 

Aparoksa (— artha) the presence of an object in one’s own ken, 
the essence of sense-perception according to Vedsnta and 
MSdhyamika, 74. 

ApratistUta {nirvana) "altruistic" Nirvana, cp.inthe prece¬ 
ding Index s. v. Nirvana, 185, 204 M de la V. P 
explains it (Museon, 1914, p. 34) as a Nirvana into 
which a Buddha could have entered, if he did not prefer 
to remain in Samssra, and to work for the Salvation of all 
hving beings. A similar explanation is also current in 
Japan. O. Rosenberg, Die Welt anschaung des moder- 
enen Bnddhismus p 30 J. Rahder, DalabhOmikasOtra, 
p XXIV, thinks that the MahSy&nisUc Buddha does not 
reside in ‘aprat’. n„ “il mest pas s4par4 du samssra, m ne 
se rSjouit du nirvana," But a Buddha who does not 
reside in Nirvana is not a complete Buddha in his 



39 


Dharmak&ya. However aprat. n. is always represented 
as the highest form of DharmakSya, the most perfect 
Mahayfinistic Nirvipa. It is contrasted with - the 
HlnaySnistic Nirvana. 

The latter is attained by the Saint for his own, personal 
salvation. It is “egoistic”. The MahSySnistic Buddha 
does not reside in that kind of HlnaySnistic Nirvana, 
his Nirvana is altruistic and represents all-embracing 
Love and Wisdom as the highest manifestation of Dharma- 
kaya, just as every creature and every object is also but 
a manifestation of it. The Tibetan Grubmthah is per¬ 
fectly aware that the MahSySnistic Buddha represents 
the motionless Cosmos and cannot be an active principle, 
but the empirically existing virtues are conceived as a 
special manifestation of the eternal principle; apratisf- 
bita-nirvSna is thus defined negatively, it is not a NirvSna 
which is reached exclusively for one’s own Salvation, it 
is altruistic (rafi kho-nai don-du-zh-ba-la mi-gnas=sv5r- 
thamStrena upajame na pratisthitah). The manifesta¬ 
tions of Love and Wisdom in the Universe are viewed as 
a special manifestation of the eternal Buddha and this 
is called the altruistic aspect of NirvSna. The HlnaySnist, 
i. e. the Sr&vaka and the Pratyeka, are characterized as 
persons degraded by their bias for personal egoistic 
quietism (zhi-xnthar-lhun-bai gafi-zag=apa£amante pati- 
tau pudgalau). Suzuki’s words (MahSySna p. 345.) that 
the Buddha does not cling to Nirvsna eta are apparently 
intended to suggest the same explanation as the one 
here given. 

Abkisamaya, (I) In HlnaySnS—prajna-amals, direct intuition 
of a monistic Universe (=prajfis-psramits). NagSrjuna in 
his PrajfiS-mfila has taught Monism directly and the 
Mah&ySmstic marga indirectly. Maitreya-Asaixga in his 
Abhisamaya-alamkara, has taught this marga directly; 
it is thus a synonym of prajSa-pSramitopadeia or mSrga, 
78, 133, 



40 


Arapadhaiu, immaterial plane of existence, the mystic worlds 
of pure spirits, 7, 10, 11, 81, The formula of individual 
existence in these worlds, includes three kinds (dhgtu) 
or elements dhatu. (dharmah) and (mano-vijflsna), 
cp. Central Conception, 10,17,120. 

Arsptno dharmah , hon-maferial mental elements, il3. 

Artha-krija-ksritaa, efficiency of an Ens, existence characterized 
as efficiency in the schools of SautrSntikas and Y’ogg- 
caras, 170. *' 

* I „ 

Artha-vskya, an aphorism implying a wide connotation, 155. 

Aoidys, naive realism, as contrasted with prajfia-amala 
“philosophic insight," 201, 283. 

Avyhkrtasastnni', the four insoluble antinomies established 
by Buddha, (they are 14, according to the Indian mode 
of reckoning), 321. 

Asamskrta, not being produced by co-operating causes, eternal, 
absolute, (three such elements mthe Sarvastivgdm system), 
25, 69, 40, 283. 

Atman, (1) Soul, personality, 8, 31, etc.; the equivalent of 
pudgala according to most schools; different from it 
according to the Vatsiputrlyas, (2) substance=(sva-hhgva), 
226, 305. 

Atma-bhsva , Individual existence; atman means here body, and 
is usually in this context translated into. Tib as lus, Gf. 
Buddhaghosa Asl 287, 240. 

Atma-lablfa, taking shape, actual existence, 199 ;= 5 tma-bhfiva- 
pratilsbha, having a body in one of the three spheres of 
existence either as a gross or an ethereal or immaterial 
(mano-maya) body, cp. Rhys Davids, Dialogues I, 259. • 

Adir&anUt'dharma eternally quiescent existence, 57, a theory 
denying a real transition from the phenomenal into 
absolute existence and maintaining that the phenomenal 

- world itself is the Absolute, if viewed sub spent eUmtiatis. 
169,57 ' • 



41 


jtdhy&lamika-syaUma, the 6 internal bases of cognition, vix. cons¬ 
ciousness (pure) and the 5 sense-faculties; the 160,167 trans¬ 
lation “mental phenomena 1 * will be found applicable in 
many cases, although it is not quite correct, since samjfiS, 
vedana, samskara are classified as b&hya-Byatana with 
regard to pure consciousness (manas), 

Arambha-vsda, the “creative" theory of Causality, advocated 

’ in the Ny&ya-VaiSejika schools, the reverse of the Sankhya 
theory of an identity (tad&tmya) between the cause and 
effect and of a mere change of manifestation (parinfima- 
vsda), 217 

Aiya, a Buddhist Saint, cp. prec. Index, s. v. Saint, 3. 9, 90 n, 
Srya-satya (—Sryasya catv&ri satyani) the four aspects of 
the Universe (of its elements) as it appears to the Saint 
in mystic intuitions 5, 14, 27, replaced in Mahayana by 
two aspects (the phenomenal and the absolute). 

Alambana-pratyaya, the object of a cognition, viewed as a 
cause or a condition of every knowledge, 267 

Alambanaka, the agency producing the intenlness of cognition 
upon an object, 269 

Alaya-vtjUana, the granary of consciousness, containing the 
“seeds” of all future ideas and the residue 1 of all past 
thoughts and deeds, 49, 51, 52 

Avasthika (or prakarfxka), pratltya-samutp&da q. c. 148 

A&raya-astddha, devoid of a real substratum^ e. g. the quality 
length of the (non-existing) horns of a donkey, 159 

Asrava, originally a physical “influx" of the subtle defiling 
matter through the pores of the skin to fill up the Soul; in 
Buddhism, spiritual “influence” by kleSh q. c. from (root) 
i/sru. Buddhaghoja derives Pali stsava from (root) ,/su, 
and interprets it etymologically as an "intoxicant," 299, 
305 

Idamts, — talhata, 28 

limivpralyayata,, causation in its Buddhist interpretation 47 cp. 
Index 6 sub. v. Causality. 



42 


Indriya 1) the six, 5 sense faculties and manas (pure sensation) 
the 22 agencies determining the shape or formulas of life 
in the different planes of ordinary or mystic existence, 
cp. 92, 104, 173 Ab Kosa, II. 1 ff. 

Indriya-ksana, a moment of the operating sense-faculty, which 
together with a moment of the object and a moment of 
consciousness (vijfifina) produces actual sensation (the 
sparia) ; before such actual sensation consciousness in an 
embryo is latent sammarchila, 250 

Ucckeda-vSda, the theory denying future life. Materialism in 
the sense of a denial of retribution and of a moral law; 
according to this theory every death is Nirvfina; Buddhism 
maintains that this theory does not lead to Nirvana, but 
to the hell, 46, S3 

Uiharsa, either growth (avayava-upacaya), or increased 
intensity. 14 

Utpada, production or causation, MahaySna a synon. of exis¬ 
tence (bhfiva), of becoming (bhavana), and relation 
(bhSva), 140, 277 

Upapatti , I ) being logically admissible, 155, 2) bang reborn 
in one of the worlds, 14 

Upapaih-dhyana. being born in the lower 4 mystic worlds 
whose denizens possess ethereal bodies, 14 cp. samapatti- 
dhy&na. 

Upapadaka , apparitional, born miraculously or according 
to special laws, 18 

Upsdana, substratum, 281, 269, 270 

UpSdana-skandka, sc. Hefa upgdana-skandha, the elements of 
a personality as influenced by avidya and trsn8-s8srava- 
dharmah-duhkha-satya-duhkha, 283 

Up&d&ya, having a substratum, co-ordinated, caused, relative, 
309 

Upaiaya-prajttapti, a synonym of the MahSyayistic madhyama 
pratipad q. c. 119 

EkagraiS, the concentration of thought upon one point 
(samadhi), 10 



43 


meantnc the instrument of an 
Karana,~ssdhana, noun meaning 

action, 14 _**!._ 

a—. DvoUtionand^p^rSayim ca karanam 
following the VoUb ( ^ Universe> the general 

Ab. K. IV), (2) ^ W1 , and mo dels its forms in 
force which kee P s e ® \ n mlai> Every system of 
foe different wotWs ^ constr uction regarding 

philosophy in India ha operatl0Qj the immediate 

the origin, the essence, ? It has accordingly 

and the remote res* f ^ rf each . 

a place assigned to it ^foer, i. ^ they 

The matenalists deny of past dee ds, whether 

deny the reality of an m The classify 

good or bad, upon ^ Gos5la admit- 

kannan, among their e sia ce the real karman 

ted that voUtion is only MtoSmsa kas analyse 
is physical, cp. *> N ■ bhavanS, aparva, 

U ** t*5TSS Vaisesika system finds apla. 
niyoga etc. The Ny 1 ^ different aspects can be 

for it among the guna f dherm9i adharma, 

recognieed under Aemenmlquah^ ^ ^ ^ ^ 

adfsia and samkaTO. lly b e ld the place of a 

somskm-skandhn where i‘ * my Ceatra l Concep- 
predominant rulmg or ultimate realities 

*»> p ; 20 J” srssml~—— t 

*235r——• *• — “• 

78j 132. trtirpther an indefinite some- 

-jr^^amentalactoflin^t^ ^ name ora universal 
thing (Hoc Aliquid) _» ma .,ati-adi-yojan5),ajudg- 

or a quality or an action ^ that »> ( 3a ev&yam), 137, 147. 
ment of the form gy the judgments 

According to Sigwart,cp Lop®. 3)1, P ^ ^ ^ 

of the Form this is Socrates, • ( identified 

w ith Fifa#. q. c. 204,206,224, 



44 


A alpanspodha, a pure sensation without any participation of 
synthetic thought, 28, 214, 240. 

Klda, morally impure elements (mental in Buddhism) phy¬ 
sical in Jainism; illusion and desire (avidy 2 -tr;ne) are the 
the principal ones; when residues (samsksra) of former 
deeds (barman) are moistened (abhisyandita) by them, 
they like "seeds’’ produce new existences (janma), 15, 
208, 286, 

Ksrer.a-hctv, notion of a universal link between all elements 
of existence, past, present and future, also called sahakan- 
lulu as contrasted with the adhipaU-helu q. c. this notion 
is a forerunner of Monism, 68, 303. 

Jn/liinantigala, having no duration in time, point-instant, cp. 
desSnanugata, 214. 

ICrijii, (=vyapfira), energy supplying a link between the 
cause and the effect, such as the energy beat (paci-kriyS), 
1G7-IG9. 

Ksana, a moment, point-instant, identified with the “thmg- 
in-itself” 142, the differential of motion, its principle 
known to Indian astronomers and philosophers (=Ruci), 
57, 68, 214, 222. 

Kssntt , satisfaction (=ruci) 

Kharatva, resistance, 173. 

AVijoti—j5&na=upalabdhi, 62. 

Gati, (1) motion 115 (2) individual existence in one of the 
six kinds of bodies, 287. 

Grahanaka-v&lja, a short statement to be developed (vivarana) 
m the sequel, 146. 

Gr6.hyamsa.ya, the pnma facte object, the first moment m the 
cognition of an object, cp. prapyavisaya, 213. 

Cilia, pure consciousness or pure sensation, manas and vtjiisna 
(sc. vijfifina-skandha), its synonyms m HlnaySna cp. 
Vyhana, 76, 225. 

Ctlia-maha-bhmtks, (dharma) the mental elements always 
represented in every conscious moment cp. Central, 



45 


Conceptions p. 100. 

CttanS, will, conscious volition, a purposive action (karman 
q. c., 124 tod 197. 

Caitta , mental phenomena 304 (citta-samprayukata saips- 
ksra) cp. C. C. 

Jiiani-knja, energy, function 259, (vyapSra) 

Jnana, (1) knowledge in general in the sense of mental pheno¬ 
mena 143, (2) definite cognition as contrasted with 
pure indefinite sensation (vijfi&na. q. P. (3) transcendenal 
metaphysical knowledge. 202. (4) omniscience (Tib. ye- 
ies) 207, 210. 

Tat-sabh&ga, non-active non-operating sense faculty(=a-sva- 
karma-krta) cp. Sabhgga. 172 

Tatlm, absolute reality, (=tattvam eva) 154 

Tathata, “thisness” absolute reality, (many, synonyms) 68,87 

Tatkahki-gatih, the differential of a planet’s motion, 213 

Duhkha, (1) vedanS-duhkha suffering (2) parinSma-duhkha, 
phenomenal existence (—upadana-skandha) cp. Pessimism 
in Index 6 181, 201 

Dfsti, (1) intuition, 16 (2) wrong view { =mithy& drsfci ), 

(3) antinomy, 261 

Dfsti-mSrga, the path of illumination, momentary mystic 
intuition of the real condition of the universe, (yogi- 
pratyakja) q 16, 18, 26, 207 

De&ananugata, having no existence, a point-instant, 

Dvaidhi-karana, dichotomizing (thought), thought operating 
by contrast of A with non-A 137, 207 

Dharma, doctrine, (2) quality. (3) element of existence, 
288, 280 

Pharma-anu-dharma, a doctrine about elements or an element 
according to that doctrine 324, its connotation (dharma- 
sanketa) includes strict Uniformity of Nature (asmin-sati- 
idambhavati) 135; hence the translation 2 ''norm” "nor- 
malism” which is not quite correct since norm is niyama- 



46 


dharmfingm-niyama-pratyaya-niyama-pratltya - samut 

pada, q. c. 4 a synonym of -samskrta-dharma and sams- 
kara q. c. 5) Nyaya-VaiSesika. a meritorious action 
(—karman) 6) In Jainism, a special ubiquitous subs¬ 
tance, the medium of motion. 

Dhama-kaya, The CosmicalBody of Buddha, i. e. the Cosmos 
regarded as the personification of the eternal Buddha, 
divided into soabhaoa-kaya, which is nitya and jnana-kaya 
which is anttya 123, 244, identified with Buddha'a final 
Nirvana, 48, when mentioned in Hlnayamstic lore 
(e. g. D. N., Ill 84, with the synonyms brakma-ksya and 
dharma-bhata) it probably has no clearly Mahayanistie 
sc. monistic, connotation. Synon. tathats. 

Dhatu, has many different meanings which are summarized 
in the Bahu-dhatuka-sfitra, the principal are 1) when 
three are reckoned, the 3 spheres or planes of existence 
of gross bodies (hama-) of ethereal bodies, passim 2) 
when six are reckoned, the component principles of an 
existence in the material worlds, sc. the four general 
elements of Matter, (mahs-bhata), fikasa and vijfiSna, this 
akasa is not the asamskrta ak&sa m the next classification 
and otjfi&na here comprises all mental elements, it is also 
quite different from the mjiiana-dhalu of the next classi¬ 
fication, cp. Ab. Kosa, I. 28 3) when eighteen are 
reckoned, a special division of all elements of existence 
into ten material and eight spiritual ones, (cp. Central 
Conception p. 9), 4) dhatu-gotra, 22, 92, 104, 321) 

Dhyana - 1) concentrated contemplation (—samadhi—yoga); 
2) a mystic world where the denizens normally possess 
thought-concentration, 11, 17, 29. 

Nasttka, when used by Buddhists as an invective means 
Materislism as a denial of Karman, i. e. of the moral law 
and of every survival after death. 

Nth-svabhaoa, having no independent existence of its own, 
relative, ultimately unreal—sanya, 273 



47 


Niyama, strict uniformity in nature, norm, causality between 
elements of existence, cp, dharma, 270 

Nitadhasatya, 1) in Hlnayana, the reality of the Annihilation 
of all energies (saihskSra), comparable with the idea of 
Entropy in modern science 41; 2) in MahaySna, the 
cessatin of all differentiation iu a monistic Universe, ISO 
(sarva-kalp ana-ksay a) 

Nirmsna-kaya, the apparitional body of Buddha, Buddha in 
the docetic sense, 94 

Nirvana, cp. prec. Index. 

Nin&na-dhalu, ditto 

Ntr-vikalpaka, pure sensation, devoid of any synthesis or 
thought-construction, 238 

Nuprapaiiea, inexpressible in speech and irrealizable in con¬ 
cepts,—the Absolute, 60, 71, 72, 238, 253, 258, 318. 

Nisyanda-phala, natural result, automatic out-flow out of 
preceding homogeneous conditions (sabbaga-hetu), 8, 13, 
372 

♦ 

Paksa, tenet, thesis, minor term in a Syllogism, 155 

Paksa—do fa, impossible thesis (=badhlta vijaya) 108 

Paksa-dharma, minor premise (=*upanaya), 139 

Padsrlha, a thing, an entity, 294 

Parata-utpalti, a break between cause and effect, production 
out of something different, the Nyfiya-Vai$esika view of 
causality, extreme realism, involving Srambhavada q. c. 
and the doctrine of samavsya as a semi-substantial uni¬ 
versal substratum, a ubiquitous thing invented in order 
to bridge over the gap between a result and its material 
cause, 101, 179, 180 

Paratantra, relative with the connotation attached to it in the 
YogScgra school which admits the reality of relative 
things obeying causal laws, 54, 132, 206, 253, 293 

Paramarthasat, existing in an absolute, non-relative, sense, 
111, 170, 213, 222, 238 



48 


• Paramsrlha-salya, absolute reality as contrasted with sanmti- 
satya q. c. 212 

Paraspara-aptksa, mutually relative, relative, 
synon. Sanya, pratltya-samutpanna, 252 

Parikalptia-laksana, see laksana nihsvabhavatg. 

Parinsma-duklhatS, the changing, impermanent or phenomenal 
world, synon. dUhkha-satya, or duhkha, cp. duhhha - 
vedana-suffering. 27 

Parintspanna, absolute reality in a monistic sense with the 
connotation attached to it in the YogSc&ra school, 64, 
293 

Pudgala-nairsimya, —anfitman, q. c. 68, 90, 187 

Pudgala, ‘'the fleeting union of elements that make up, for a 
time only, an unstable individuality (Rhys Davids, 
Dialogues, 1 260), synon. Stma-bh&va, santsna. Vatslpnt- 
riya and others assume kind of surviving pudgala; this 
tendency, the forerunner of Mahayina. 12, 68, 81, 230, 
282, 306 

Punrsa-kara-pAala,^(pimisena iva krta); anthropomorphic 
result, anthropomorphic conception of causation, 272 

Prthisi , the resistant hard stuff in Matter, imagined as an 
atomic force of resistance, 217 

Prati-vijUapti, the momentary awareness of the presence of an 
object in one’s ken, 313 

Prati-srankhja-nindha, the blank created by the extinction of 
element (dharma) through yoga, 94 N 

PratUya, different interpretations of the term, 124, 125, 128, 
302 

Pratilya-samutpsda, I) Hinaysna, inter-connectiod according to 
causal laws of all the elements co-operating in the for¬ 
mulation of life, contrasted with adhltya-samutpada 
(production at random) synon. pratyaya-ruyama—niyama 
samskrtatva—dharma—sanketa, 54; 2) in Mahgy&na, 
Relativity synon paraspara-apeksatS=svabhSva-SBttyat5* 
sainvrti; 3) its general formula in Sglistamba-satira, in 



49 


,, HlnayEtnistic and MahSySnistic interpretation, 185, 203 
4) avasthika or pr&karsika pr. s. utp,—12 nidsna, a 
special case of the general law, its application to the 
■evolution of an individual life under the influence of 
illusion (avidyi) and passion as long as they are not 

- extinct-by philosophic insight (prajfis) and ecstatic medi¬ 
tation and the mystic power (Yoga), derived from it. 

. 'Prenatal forces, (samsksra) then produce a new life (vijni- 
na) in a matrix, it passes through an embryonic state 
(nidana), 4-7, develops into full life (n 8-10) decay and 
death and is continued in a new life (n. 11-12) in a new 
individual and so on without an end, until Nirvana is 
attained, which according to strict Hlnay&na represents 

1 a complete Annihilation of every life (Entropy). This 
twelve-membered formula refers to the phenomenal 

world, 253, 205. 

1 m 

Pratyaksa, sense perception of object perceived, 79, 214, 228, 
251. 

Pratyaya-niyama , see niyama, 279. 

Pratymeksana-jn&’ia, a special kind of Omniscience with which 
the Buddha, according to Yog&c&ras, is endowed when 
representing apratistbita-nirvSpa q. c. 317. 

Prapanea , speech, (—v&k) the expression of conceptually 
differentiated reality in words, 71, 253, 324. 

Pramsna-vintscaya-vsda , vindication of logic, anti-skepticism, 
the standpoint of Dignaga and Dharmaklrti as opposed to 
the MSdhyamika school, 203. 

pntyoga (— uakya ), formulation, syllogism, (—prayoganta), 156. 

Prayoga-m&rga, path of practice, the second division of the 
Path of Salvation, 26. 

Prasahga-vSkya. deductio ad absurdum, 138. 

Prasajya-pratisedha, a simple negation, not neccessitating any 
affirmation of the opposite, 137. 

Prokarsika , cp. .fivasthika sc, pratltya-samutp&da, 183. 


£ 



£0 


"¥*“ C0gni2ed *» a finiterepresentat- 
visaya, 213. ° JeC ’ aynon ‘ adl >yavaseya-cp. grahya- 

**7*^7™' “ beC ° ,Ding (=bhaVana > «*** production, 

^kSan? Pr ° foUnd meditation > H), 394.~vasanS, 


Bhsnansrheya, an element of existence to be neutralized or 
extirpated by profound Meditation, cp. 15 dr 5 ti-heya. 

Bhaos-sadbhsva-kalp ana, Realism, 292. 

Bhavnbhsva, affirmation and negation, 321. 

Bhata-mahsbhata , Matter 173. 

Madhyams-pratipad, the Middle Path, (1) in HlnaySna, a 
middle course between materialism (uccheda-vada) and the 
doctrine of an Eternal Soul, (fitma-vada, £a*vata-vsda}, 
(2) in Mahayana, Relativity, £unyats, 81 n. the theory 
which maintains that the Relativity of all the objects of 
the empirical world is the surface, (samvrti), of its monistic 
Essence, 119. 

Maha-karuna, Great Commiseration (HlnaySnistic, different 
from Mahayfinistic, 127. 

Maha-bhnta, the four fundamental elements or atomic forces 
of Matter; repulsion, cohesion, heat and lightness (or mo¬ 
tion), 143. 

Tathadhimukta, being in accordance with one's religious 
fervour (either HlnaySna or Mahayana) 326 

Toga, v. Index. 6 yoggc&ra, v. Index 6 10, 13, 12, 24, 329. 

Rapa, (1) svst&pa, essence, real essence, (2) rfipSyatana, 
colour and shape, the external basis (bshya Syatana) of 
visual cognition, (3) rupa-skandha, the assemblage of all 
physical elements partaking in the constitution of an 
individual life, the elements of its body and of its external 
world, 116, 184 (4) rnpa-dhgtu, the mystic worlds of 
ethereal (accha)bodies, 10, 81 

Laksana-nih-svabhavatS, the unreality of logical constructions 
(prakalpita)according to the YogScgras, 54. 



51 


Loteya-laksana-pravrtti, imagined entities as something conti¬ 
nuant cbatacterized by changing characteristics. 300, 
Vastms, the Yogscsra idea of barman, q. c. explained as 
pfirvam jfianam and derived either from root vas ‘to 
perfume’ or from the cause of root vas ‘to live’. Vasana = 
bhavang to make live, to produce empircal existence, 
326. 

Vikalpa, dilemma, dichotomizing thought, the differentiation 
of the object into A and non-A, hence productive, imagina¬ 
tion, thought in general and a synonym of kalpanS q. c. 
71, 206. 

Vtjnsna, (1^ in Hlnaygna synon of citta and manas, vijngna- 
skandha -mana-gyatana = mano-dhstu, pure indefinite 
sensation, pure consciousness, the principle of every cons¬ 
cious life, 135, 148 149,2} the third member of the 12- 
membered formula of pratitya-samutpsda, it is latently 
fsammfircchita) present even in an egg as long as it has 
not lost its vitality; this vijnana is regarded by the 
YogScgras as an glaya-vijngna, by the Hmaygnists and 
Msdhvamikas as a mano-vijfigna-dhgtu; in the moment 
of conception the masculine and feminine sperma unite 
with VijBgna under the influence of saroskgras (=karman) 
the physical part of the new being comes from the parents, 
but the vijBgna element ac causally connected with some 
previous existence, not necessarily that of the parents; 
this theory, possibly founded upon some observation, has 
led to the doctrine of reincarnation; vijflSna is here to be 
translated as “life”, "the vital principle” and must be 
distinguished from sensation, sparsa, which is a further 
step of the formula 260, 283 empirical knowledge, when 
contrasted, with absolute knowledge (jnana=sarvajBatg= 
tib ye-£es, 149, 202, 4) in the idealist Yogacgra system 
{vijBgna'-vada ) everything becomes vijnana, it then 
means idea in general vijfiana-skandha, ditto, 296 
Vipaka-ketu, moral causation,«=karman, 265 
Vxpray ukta-samskura, forces which cannot be classified either 
as Matter or as Mind (=rttpa-citta-viprayukta-sariisksra), 
cp. Central Con. 1, 293. - - 



52 


Vaiyavadanika-dkarma, those elements of an individual life 
(santina, pudgala) which have a purifying, soothing force, 
conducing to Nirvana, e. g. prajna and samSdhi, 233. 

Saivata, eternal, beginningless (cp. ptirvgntam saragh-jtya- 
drsfa), 158. ' 

Sanya, devoid of independent reality (=svabh a va-£flnya), 
dependent, relative, unreal; in Mahgyana, a synonym of 
pratnya samutpanna, q c. 321, 327. 

Sanyata, Relativity, the theory that nothing short of the whole 
is real, the parts being always dependent are ultimately 
unreal; its synonym is pratltya-samutpada, madhyamg 
pratipad, etc. 81 as samvrta-isnyats q. c. represents the 
Absolute, 205, 325. 

Sethoadaka, agreeing with experience, supported by successful 
purposive action<=avisamvadaka not contradicted by ex¬ 
perience, cp. b. t. p. 213. 

Smhorti-salya, the surface reality, empirical reality, identified 
with Relativity, with the Dialectic of Being, 237, 252. 

SamskSra, (1) the forces, the lour forces, (samskrta-laksana) 
accompanying the appearance of every momentary ex¬ 
istence ( jati-sthitti-jara-anityata), (2) «=viprayukta sams- 
kara, q. c. (3) citta-samprayukta-samsksra=all mental 
phenomena, (4) a synonym of samskrta-dharma in 
general (5)=karman cp. Central Conception, p 201, 284. 

Samjns, idea, conception produced by abstraction (nimitta- 
udgrahana), 304 

Satya, truth, reality, four stages of reality in Hlnayana and in 
all realistic systems, replaced by two stages in MahaySna, 
55, 143. 

Sanidassana, the visible=rapayatana, q. c. 703, 

Santana , continuity or synthesis of moments of existence of 
either an element or an assemblage of elements, a per¬ 
sonality (pudgala=fitman), 8, 9, 190. 

Sabhaga. 1) hetu, homogeneity between cause and effect, 
2)—indriya, active operating- efficient,=sva-karma-krt, 
115, cp. tat-sabhfiga, 179 



53 


Samanantara-pralyaya, the immediately preceding moment of 
every effect, its substratum (upadana-ksana), 53, 265 

Samapatti-dhysna, being transferred in ecstatic meditation to 
one of the mystic worlds, 10 

Sambhara-msrga the accumulation of virtue and knowledge, 
the preparatory path to Salvation, 26 

Saroa , a techn. term, denoting the totality of all elements of 
the Universe including the Absolute, 90 

SarvajHatU, Omniscience in the sense of an intuition of the 
Absolute, 133 

Sa-svabhavo-vada, Realism, 202 

saihvrta, "under the surface,”; Relativity (pratltya-samut- 
pgda=£flnyata) is the "surface” (samvrtti) of the absolute 
reality, this same absolute reality viewed as the thing 
lying "under the surface” is metaphorically also called 
pratTtya-samutpsda or &nyat£ which, in this sense, 
becomes designation of the Absolute, and it is in this 
sense that Nirvana the Absolute is declared to be the 
equivalent of SamsSra, the Phenomenal. 

Ssdhya-sama, petitio principii, 175, 210 

Ssnkleitka, associated with kleia q. c. defiling, disquieting, 
relegating Nirvana, 324 

Sdmagn (=hetu-karana-s5magrl), the sum total of causes and 
conditions relative to a given entity, the entire setting in 
which the thing exists, (J. S. Mill ), 104 

S&lambana, intentness upon an object as a characteristic of 
mind and mental phenomena, 267, 268 

Sesrava, see Ssrava, 15 

Skaidha-syaUma-dhstavah, classification of the elements 
(dharma) of existence from different points of view,— 
anatman q. c. cp. Central Conception, p, 68 

Spuria , sensation as a mental element (citta-samprayukta- 
samsk&ra), the sixth member of the twelve member 
formula of life’s development, it is sensation in which a 



54 

sense faculty and its object partake, it must be distin¬ 
guished from vijSsna, the third member, which then rep¬ 
resents the quite indefinite and even latent principle of 
life, 201, 313 

SaabhSBa-abhaoa —nihsvabhgvats, sonyats, 273 
Svalaksana, the “thing in itself”, cp. prec, Index, 204. 213 
Hitisdhimukta —a Hlnayanist, 60 

Hetu _pratyaya, causes and conditions, terms also used as 

synonyms, 8, 303, 309 

Heya-dharma, elements of phenomenal existence to be extin¬ 
guished by the Saint, 14 




